Shows like Fraggle Rock, Howdy Doody, and that one on Fox about the jive talking cat in a leather jacket began to absorb all my free time.
He was a big white cat with tabby patches and he was like a member of the family.
A grey tabby cat with white legs and wearing a red collar with a bell was found in the Hawthorn area of the town over the New Year period.
Many laboratories use absorbent cat litter for immediate control of spills.
A mysterious creature described as a cross between a kangaroo, a leopard, a monkey and a cat is stalking Salisbury.
On my way home I was accosted by a mewing tabby and white shorthair cat that proceeded to follow me home.
Nature lovers take note, the area is home to the grey wolf, Blandford's fox, the sand cat and the ibex, as well as 110 recorded species of birds.
A cat scales a glass sharp wall and drops beside its shadow under an apple tree, stalking anxious sparrows with the first sun.
An alert tabby cat saved an Australian family of four from a house fire by clawing at its owner's face.
I'm told I also need a shovel, cat litter, energy bars, extra water, wool socks, and hand warmers.
The leopard cat got over her loneliness long enough to produce a litter of kittens.
You look like a cat sighting a bird, all aquiver with bloodlust. Cool your temper.
He pushed him off onto the floor and replaced him with the Russian Blue cat he had slapped.
Her face resembled a house cat and a lioness at the same time, with a strong muzzle but kind eyes and delicate ears.
Children with documented cat allergy or with asthmatic symptoms triggered by a cat should avoid cats.
We had run an ad the paper advertising this found cat in hopes someone who was missing her would read the lost and found section.
The Swindon Branch operates a lost and found register to assist those who are concerned about a stray or whose cat has disappeared.
At around 5am a lost and disorientated little black and white cat had appeared in their garden.
A logo on a tin of cat food might seem to have little to do with these wider issues but really they are all connected.
The nursery teacher is still trying to come to terms with having a big, dark coloured cat loping along the side of her car.
I can empty a tin of cat food into a bowl, give a dog a bone, but never, ever, have I let any sort of animal eat out of my hand.
This suggests that immediate bronchial response to cat allergen is localized in the large airways.
Sara's bathroom consisted of a cat towel, bath and shower curtain, and rinse cup.
The action centered on a longsuffering canine and a ringtail cat with a love of baubles and a habit of causing havoc for his partner.
All was empty there in the ocean-breezed lot, save for some random piles of garbage and a cat or two romping through the lanes.
Her body was limber, lithe with the grace of a cat or that of a ballet dancer, hinting at carefully controlled strength.
Lilly is a Siamese cat who survived a two-week cross-country move while stuck in a drawer.
The lovely, wide-faced sand cat could have preyed on some birds, but the habits of this desert species are little known.
DeFrancesco runs wild over the keyboard like a cat on a hot tin roof before the orchestra recapitulates the pungent main theme.
Most vets and cat experts agree that indoor cats live longer, healthier lives.
He is no longer like a cat on a hot tin roof when it comes to putting the pieces together.
I crossed the recently pedestrianized town centre on a hunt for cat equipment, and saw two competing groups of question askers.
So I stayed there, and the cat joined me, and we quailed and quaked and waited for it to stop.
Some cat registries describe the Abyssinian as a medium-sized cat, while others describe it as a medium to large one.
On the principle that a cat may look at a king, the picture may be painted from the view-point of the humblest observer.
It is devoted to the proposition that if a cat may look at a king, a thief may win and woo a princess, with plenty of wizardry to help him.
The cat is pleasantly impertinent to the king and Alice notes that a cat may look at a king, so he isn't being uncivil.
It's a liquid, comes in a plastic bottle, you squirt some on a little towel or washcloth, then wipe down the cat with it.
I don't know how, but one minute they were on the washing line, the next there was cat food on them, and a hole.
Whereas the goat, dog, cow, and cat are domesticated, the antelope, leopard, elephant, waterbuck, manatee, and hippopotamus must be hunted.
If you cut into the quick, the claw will bleed and the cat will experience pain.
The cat cocked its head slightly to the left, as though assessing the fairness of his words.
She was with a talking cat and dog, an warrior, a witch, and a water sprite.
How do I keep my one-year-old cat from making a racket outside my bedroom door in the mornings?
Actually, thinking back, it was the lady standing next to me that almost certainly smelled of cat wee.
Like a plush cat come to life, the Ragdoll is known for it total relaxation skills.
He shut the door quickly, and turned to find a thin, raggedy cat licking the snow from its mangy coat in the middle of his kitchen floor.
The association also holds cat shows and judges them based on how closely they adhere to the standards.
Try admonishing a cat and it just purrs, looks cute and goes to sleep, confident in the knowledge that it has won your heart, again.
I also saw a sandy colored cat with long legs and a short tail that I think was a jungle cat.
If a hat on the bed is bad luck, what about a black cat wearing a hat, on a bed?
His father leaves him a cat in his will and the cat proves to be just as bossy as everyone else.
It's also a very good idea to have the cat wormed, vaccinated and treated for fleas and ear mites.
The fire, which had appeared to be dead, crackled and spat, and the cat sighed wheezily again.
His father was operating on a cat in the room below when he saw his son hurtle to the ground.
The breath rasped in her throat as she began the game of cat and mouse, charred robe held up past her knees so she could run.
Every once in a while, particularly when I take out clothes that I haven't worn since our move, I find a cat whisker or a dog hair.
The cat obediently came and sat at her feet, his whiskers brushing her throat.
Finally, the cat sat in the middle of the street washing himself, lifting first one paw and then the other to clean his ears and whiskers.
A few members of the cat family are occasionally spotted, including serval cats, civets, African wild cats and caraculs.
It is possible, he said, that the cat was killed to accompany the human in the afterworld.
It's not really wholesome stuff, but it can be nutritious enough for a cat that can't eat dry kibble.
This is one cat who is always ready for a cuddle from anyone willing to offer one.
Although actually it's not widdle, but cat vomit in astonishing quantities.
If they can see a tabby pattern in the fur, then the cat must be agouti, whereas if the colors are solid then the cat is nonagouti.
The jury has been out since Wednesday, so he has been like a cat on a hot tin roof here.
My confessions are talcing my hair, shopping in Primark and talking to the cat in a baby voice.
When she got home that day, talking about Daddy and showing her mother the twenty-five cents, Mai was like a cat on a hot tin roof.
Since Dolly's creation in 1996 a variety of other animals have been duplicated, including a caracal cat and an African wildcat.
If the outdoors is too dangerous, ailurophiles often forgo feline companionship rather than confine a cat indoors.
I'm sending a copy to my veterinarian, to the cat club in the retirement community where I live and to other ailurophiles.
We sat side by side on a sofa with rebellious springs and a layer of cat hair.
The cat doesn't just poo, it seeks out those places most impregnated with the owner's scent and poos there.
So, I, being your benevolent, kind and generous friend, decided to get you a new cat for your birthday.
However, what happened was the cat decided to be an alarm clock for me and woke me up at my usual time asking for food.
Inside they found mouldy plates and pans in the kitchen sink and clothing covered with cat hairs and flea eggs.
George is the survivor, the cat with nine lives, and he has an autobiography for every one of them.
The cat jumped to a height of two metres or more, hooked the bird with the claws of one outstretched paw and brought it crashing down to earth.
Say your cat is clawing your couch or your dog is chewing your leather shoe.
The cat reeled backwards violently, clamping the collar of Maryn's tunic in its jaw.
They want to study it and dissect it, picking away at its component parts like a cat worrying a mouse.
Only I know how wounded my pride was when he stretched on the bed like a lazy cat and fell asleep.
Most of us would accept that the cat is either alive or dead at a given time.
I'd be happier if my house were still intact, my pictures of my kids and the rest of my belongings were safe, and my cat were still alive.
Choose a grown up cat from a pet sanctuary, and preferably not a Persian cat which needs plenty of attention to its fur.
It was a rather meek cat which did not go anywhere near the goldfish bowl and used the litterbox with admirable regularity.
When he needed his alley cat instincts, they were there, under all that domestication, all that soft living, which he takes for granted.
I don't want to insult you or anything, but girlfriend, you look like an alley cat caught in a downpour.
His wee cat jumped on his bed and batted him on the head and yammed till he got up.
I can remember once she told me how she pawned a wedding ring so she could afford to feed a cat in her care.
That cat is going to live to be 20 and shows every indication of getting meaner by the minute.
The cougar reportedly snatched a house cat and ran off into the bush with it.
We tried to see if we could find a house cat for the family, that would not go out, but we couldn't guarantee it wouldn't escape.
They sneak up on their prey just like a house cat sneaks up on a bird or toy one slow step at a time.
She was almost like a house cat as she rubbed up against our legs and purred loudly.
Sophie started to jog, thinking that this was silly, she was just cold, wanted a cup of cafe au lait and a warm cat curled on her feet.
The dog in turn, observed the affect he had on the cat and began to circle around Melinda's feet and start yapping and snapping at her heels.
The Chartreux cat stared belligerently at Sam, yawned and began licking a black paw.
But questions remain about whether the big cat escaped or was somehow released.
A Persian cat is the same as an Angora cat, which is sometimes called an Angola cat.
If you bought a small litter tray for a kitten, check that your cat hasn't outgrown it.
He said he and his partner had a five-months old baby to look after and the cat was ignoring the litter trays and relieving itself in the house.
Don't flush paper towels, feminine sanitary products and other slow-to-degrade materials, like cat litter, in the toilet.
We used to have a cat but she died a few years ago and we decided that it was best if we didn't replace her.
Adele looks him over like a cat lapping up cream, obviously finding little fault with his appearance.
And the operatives were only pawns in their ultimate game of cat and mouse.
Anyhow, she was intelligent too, you betcha, the smartest kitty cat I've ever known.
Then a cat started yowling under my window, and soon another one joined in.
The panther and cat yowled their fury but the ends of the vines sunk roots for themselves and were immovable.
There is a valid US patent for a method of exercising one's cat by using a laser pointer to create a moving spot of light.
Station staff were so determined to rescue the tortoiseshell cat they even stopped a train in a last-ditch attempt.
The Canada lynx, the only lynx in North America, is a rare forest-dwelling cat of northern latitudes.
I told my parents and friends that I must have got the infection from cleaning my cat litter.
Unless the cat is already moribund, the veterinarian will need to lightly sedate or anesthetize the patient.
Some folks simply aren't cat lovers, and this fun, lavishly photographed horror film isn't likely to convert them.
In south Wales, for instance, it operates an imaginative scheme with a local cattery, whereby unwanted books are shredded for use as cat litter.
Last night I had an unexpected trip to the vets with Cassius, our first rescue cat who's been with us nearly 2 years now.
In extenuating circumstances a cat may need his fur trimmed, otherwise a weekly brushing should do it.
Owning a cat or dog means you are less likely to be stressed, have high cholesterol or high blood pressure.
And the cat glared back, plainly annoyed at being roused from its sound sleep.
A stray cat scampered across the alley, not sparing a glance at the girl who was wading through an ankle-deep swamp of old newspaper.
As with nearly every cartoon with a dog or a cat in it, there has to be a representative of their sworn enemies.
Our cat has developed an annoying habit of standing on people's faces during the night.
The twelve-month-old cat was rescued from the moors by an anonymous walker and delivered to Moggies Cat Rescue two weeks ago.
I'm sure for a while I'll be finding her fur matted to my socks or bits of cat litter in the corners of the kitchen.
The Asian leopard cat lineage consisted of the Asian leopard cat, flat-headed cat, fishing cat, and rusty-spotted cat.
Mill, whose surname was Sugden at the time, bought an Asian leopard cat in 1963 when they could still be acquired at some pet shops.
Japan's Iriomote cat was recently demoted from a distinct species to an island subspecies of leopard cat.
I had a similar problem with my cat when I was revarnishing my stair treads.
The perception of being pressed by a cat was not always based on visual hallucination and physical testimony, but also on tactile sensation.
If you are invited please bring cat litter, a bag of chips and your hockey stick.
She opens the front door to let the cat in and the lock falls off in her hand.
I don't find the image of a woman digging through cat litter for a dropped pill amusing.
If the cat is lethargic and his coat is dull and unhealthy looking, this too may be a sign.
Our families did a fantastic job in not letting the cat out of the bag, although there were times when I panicked that something might slip out.
The rather inappropriately named Defence Minister let the cat out of the bag by admitting that there isn't really a threat after all.
Two such academics were so upset by the broadcast they injudiciously let the cat out of the bag completely.
Apparently, my relative let the cat out of the bag by letting villagers know that he is the father of the child.
Apologies to all your eight-year-old readers for letting the cat out of the bag!
A cat used up all her nine lives after she survived almost three weeks trapped under floorboards without food or water.
She opened one lazy eye to see an orange cat licking his paw in front of her.
You should brush along the lie of the hair, and in the places hardest for the cat to reach such as under the chin and the back of the neck.
A lucky cat has used up most of its nine lives after surviving a 12-mile journey under the bonnet of a car.
It's also said that a cat has nine lives and we all hope the extra eight are enough to ensure they enjoy a long, happy life.
Ross the cat is looking for a new home before Christmas where he can retire and live out the rest of his nine lives.
A cat has to catch and kill only one rabies infected mouse and it too will be dead and buried long before it lives out its nine lives.
Finally the cat was hauled free, with all but one of her nine lives intact.
She went back to help the cat and recognised a tiny bit of tabby fur that hadn't been burnt off, and realised the cat was her own.
Avoid changing cat litter and eating raw and poorly cooked meat during pregnancy.
Their coloration is similar to that of a tabby domestic cat and makes them difficult to see in their forested habitats.
The speed of the cat startled the dog and she woofed lunging forward.
His boots padding against the floor were muffled because of the thick carpet, and he doubted he was making anymore noise than a cat stalking a mouse.
We took the two dogs and the cat all back and they're now safe and sound.
We coo over how cute our cat is and minimize the drudgery of cleaning the litter box.
According to Swiss press reports, younger cats in the litter are the most tender and, as such, are the preferred cat cuts.
I would work days with hardly any sleep, and finally my nervous system collapsed, so the doctor put me on tranquilizers which set me up like a cat on a hot tin roof.
The vet told me that she thought this was primarily about the cat not eating and that if I could force feed her, her liver would regenerate and she'd probably be okay.
Not only did the first division leaders pick him up on a free, but rather than superstar wages he's happy with a bowl of milk and a tin of cat food.
This time, however, the birds were starting to stir and make noise, and a neighbourhood cat was stalking one in the grass that was already making a grab for a worm or two.
The first cat on the catwalk was Vengeance, a 12-week-old Sphinx in an argyle sweater.
Just as he should be celebrating a new poll that puts the Tories only a point behind Labour, the deputy chairman has resigned after letting the cat out of the bag.
He was in the kitchen, preparing an elaborate plate of kibble for Beryl, a scarred alley cat he had recently acquired while searching an abandoned house for valuables.
It was like fighting blind, and against a ferocious wild cat at that.
In your case, with this particular kind of lie, the unhappy answer is that the guy is a player with the morals of an alley cat and the truth quotient of Pinocchio.
It is a common superstition that a black cat crossing your path is bad luck.
Befriend an alley cat that could benefit from some catnip and a few rubs.
The gray cat jumped a few good inches off the ground in surprise and ran quick as a flash into the adjoining bathroom, skidding slightly on the tiles.
The most terrifying thing I encounter during my visit is a fat, white Himalayan stray cat with red eyes and a scrunched up face.
I just don't have anywhere to hang a cat hammock, so my kitty will just have to make do with all her other many many many many MANY resting places.
Does anyone know of a cheap alternative to odour-free cat litter?
Last year, her group successfully helped push through a measure that made the sale of cat fur illegal in the country.
Florida shopping-center magnate Mel Sembler is proud to personify the sort of Republican fat cat that Mitt Romney is depending on.
Staying with his propaganda style, Fairey chose to portray a political black cat as a member of the Black Panther Party.
When she came back he was sitting with the cat curled up on his knees.
This test is a noninvasive cat scan of your heart to look for coronary calcium buildup.
But Ferrick's a resourceful alley cat of a performer, and the angst she suffers seeps alluringly into her croaky, staccato vocals and percussive acoustic guitar strums.
Mom or dad held you on his or her lap while the doctor, wearing a white coat and Cheshire cat grin, pierced your poreless, silken skin with a needle full of weird stuff.
When we first got our cat and brought her home to our new flat, she pushed up a window that was open just a crack, busted out through the flyscreen and went on the lam.
A Persian cat was shot in the tail and had to have an operation.
The hijinx Llewyn finds himself in with the cat is worthy of a busby Berkeley number.
Millie the cat risked one of her nine lives when she became stuck.
She followed the cat into the barn, where the light was dim and the cool air smelled of hay and things wild hanging from rafters and hiding in corners.
Garfield the cat occupies an understated and often overlooked position critical to the history of televised animation.
The first rex cat born in captivity, a cream male subsequently named Kallibunker, arrived with a retinue of four straight-hair littermates on July 21, 1950, in Bodmin Moor.
Most cat anglers in my experience seem to be converted carp anglers, used to fishing flat calm waters where the fish are as likely to take a boilie as a dead or livebait.
I am like a cat on a hot tin roof, walking around the house in the early hours of the morning, struggling to type because my hands are shaking in agony.
Our two dogs were yelping, and my mom's cat was hissing at the window.
All equipment, food, cat litter and costs are met by the branch.
So Western governments are caught in a cat-and-mouse game and at times it is unclear who is the cat and who the mouse.
She owns two Persian cats and is anxious that any cat hairs are regularly cleaned up to prevent her 18-month-old son Daniel suffering an allergy attack.
A famous art collector is walking through the city when he notices a mangy cat lapping milk from a saucer in the doorway of a store, and he does a double take.
On its own, it is rather disturbing and baffling, in particular the clip where a tiny man is licking the camera lens, which turns into a cat lapping up a saucer of milk.
She used to miss the trash can when she disposed of her cat litter, leaving a mess on the porch.
If your cat and my cat kittled on the same day, that'd be a coincidence.
A group of cat breeders, exhibitors, show judges, veterinarians, and other ailurophiles throughout the world, representing most cat breeds and clubs worldwide.
Sarah didn't move, didn't dare to breath in fear of scaring the cat away.
If you're going to go after a member of the cat family, please try to make it a jungle cat or some other sort of larger member of the feline family.
The cat could be a tabby, a tortoiseshell, maybe even a Siamese.
The cat was an orange tabby with amber eyes that were narrowed with anger.
The jury were staring like they'd never seen a talking cat before.
They can selectively attract and soak up liquids and gases at the molecular level, making them useful in products from cat litter to water treatment.
Of course the Internet, where the cat is king, has proved a fertile breeding ground for these ventures.
How one small cat can hold that amount of widdle is beyond understanding.
A kitschy clock in the shape of a cat swings its tail on the wall.
They also claimed the family's Rottweiler dog had attacked another dog, killed one woman's cat and gone for another woman in the street leaving her shaken up.
The big cat purred happily in my arms, rubbing her head against my shirt.
Any change of routine may cause your cat to go off its food.
And all the while, my cat just lazes around the house all day.
Two years ago Facebook stopped limiting its emoticons to smiley faces and whatever those new blobs and cat memes are.
A vibrating sound resonates through my chest cavity, like a cat purring.
He knew that the cat had once ranged throughout the Southwest.
The compact cat made one short, inconceivably fast motion, and the overbearing ferret jerked backward then collapsed to the pavement in a limp heap.
Lucy is a shy cat and I haven't succeeded yet in taking a picture of her.
Porcelain commodes and cat litter are among the substances setting off radiation alarms designed to sniff out nuclear terror at ports and border crossings.
Scientists injected some of these mice with GFD, and then injected cat allergen into the windpipes of all the mice, including a control group that was not allergic to cats.
It's a real-life cat haven, where dogs are reportedly banned from entering and monuments to the feline overlords are plentiful.
Alastair Sim had jowls like melting candle wax, a snarl like a cornered cat and eyes cold with contempt.
I've also had an expert opinion on my cat from a leading authority on Persians, who was posing as an odd-job man at my parents' house at the time.
The man who led the investigation believes the proposals have been watered down so that the staining will not affect the appearance of dog and cat food.
In the corner a tabby cat is curled round a nest of her kittens.
In addition to breeding calves and colts, Glenn earns a living taking clients out for guided hunts and stalking the occasional problem cat for local ranchers.
It would be a shame if the British cat ended up as road kill.
Last week residents of midtown Palo Alto, California, were warned of a cougar on the prowl in their neighborhood, where another big cat was treed and shot last May.
Although the leopard cat is distributed widely in south and east Asia, in the Japanese islands the Tsushima leopard cat occurs only on the Tsushima Islands.
She had wanted her cat to be known by a less common appellation.
Roundworms, also know as ascarids, are transmitted from mothers to nursing kittens or through the cat ingesting eggs or other hosts that are infected with the eggs.
In some cases, inflamed lymph nodes may be a sign of more serious diseases, such as tuberculosis, rabbit fever, cat scratch disease and sexually transmitted diseases.
Here I am, armed with my lucky rabbit's foot, salt shaker perched on my shoulder, St Christopher medallion on my chest and not a black cat or ladder in sight.
A cat that fancies colder climes, the Canada lynx is yet another target for recovery.
In June 2006 a large black cat was recorded in the countryside of Banff, Aberdeenshire.
Your identity as an ailurophile is confirmed by cat hair on your clothes, but that is a distinction that most of us will gladly forfeit.
An orange cat rubbed against it and then threaded through the aloe veras, meowing lazily as Jessica opened the screen door.
He don't look anything like the captain. This here cat has got a nice thick black coat of fur with a nice white bib and white feet.
I grabbed it and ran over to the lion from behind, the cat still chewing thoughtfully on Silent's arm.
Fishing for cat is probably, up to a certain stage, the least exciting of all similar sports.
The Allied and the enemy submarine played a game of cat and mouse, checking up on each other's whereabouts and strategies.
The cat bird had a forlorn cry, like a whimpering child or the animal it is named for.
Pregnant women are often advised to have someone else clean the cat box to reduce the risk of contracting toxoplasmosis.
The police were baffled by the exploits of a cat burglar who only stole from the upper floors of high-rise apartments.
I let the cats out because they couldn't be arsed going through the cat flap. They were just sitting in front of the cat flap and yowling.
For example, every cat is different, but all cats share the same catness because they participate in the cat form.
Farther up the bank was a stand of pecans where a cat squirrel was taking bites of green nuts and dropping them to the ground to rot.
I stood there looking like the cat that ate the canary.... But he knows me too well and pondered out loud what I had been up to.
He talked freely and carried the smile of the cat that swallowed the canary.
Like the cat that swallowed the canary. Not only do you feel a little bit guilty 'cause you can't stop, but you feel pretty good, too.
I heard a clash from the kitchen, and rushed in to find the cat had knocked over some pots and pans.
Real cat fights are rare in established clowders. So instead of risking serious injury, cats resort to menace and threats.
The cobby cat is a solidly built animal with short, thick legs, broad shoulders and rump, and a short, rounded head with a flattish face.
He came to camp follerin' this cat and a holloring, 'Here kitty-kitty-kitty' all over the consarned place.
The only issue I have had with my cycler was when the cat started chewing on the connecting line.
We finally found John's cat run over in the next road. It was as dead as a doornail.
I had to deflea our cat with a flea comb, even though it wears a flea collar.
A cat lay, and looked so demure, as if there had been neither life nor soul in her.
The cat viewed the cheap supermarket catfood with disdain and stalked away.
My cat looks underweight, so I'll fatten him up with higher-calorie cat food.
Pity about the suit being covered in cat fur when I retrieved it from the floordrobe, but it was dark anyway.
And now this Gomerette is combing through the pizza boxes and cat litter beneath her mattress and finds one of Babe Ruth's home run bats.
The stranger kept hanging about just inside the inn door, peering round the corner like a cat waiting for a mouse.
Impossibly, after the water receded, the cat was found asleep on a chair jammed in a tree.
Even how a child picks up and handles the cat can make the kitty begin to fear the very sight of the youngster.
Cats are active and playful, therefore entertaining to play with and watch. A lap cat provides nurturing and affection.
There have also been reports of The Beast of Exmoor, a cryptozoological cat roaming Exmoor.
It was going to be a surprise party until someone let the cat out of the bag.
Well, mass'r, I can't say for Lucinda and Dinah, but I should feel like a cat in a strange garret.
The Bengal tiger, clouded leopard, saltwater crocodile, black panther and fishing cat are among the chief predators in the Sundarbans.
In 1871, the world's first cat show, organised by Harrison Weir, was held there.
Because the cat belongs to the Duchess, the Queen is prompted to release the Duchess from prison to resolve the matter.
The Manx cat is a breed of cat noted for having a genetic mutation that causes it to have a shortened tail.
In Tajikistan, wolves are their most serious enemies, having been observed to destroy cat burrows.
Since then there were frequent, but unconfirmed sightings in this province until December 2012 when a cat was photographed again.
The carton of milk on the floor. The cat with milk dripping from his chops. It was an open and shut case.
But his long game of cat and mouse with Nelson had worn him down, and he was suffering from a loss of nerve.
If you are not a phobe, it is almost impossible not to stroke a cat that comes within range.
Obligatory cat pun coming up... this book is a purrfect gift for the cat lady or cat dude in your life.
His eyes were green and every cat I see to this day reminds me of the exact contour of his face.
In 1989 a jungle cat that had been hit by a car was found on the roadside in Shropshire.
In 2004 footage was recorded of what appears to be a large black cat near a farm in Shropshire.
In late 2009 video footage of what is claimed to be a large black cat was recorded in Herefordshire.
The sighting and video footage of the alleged big cat coincided with a spree of sheep killings in the same area.
Police were called and according to the BBC, one police officer saw a cat the size of a Labrador dog.
There have been reports of a cat known as The Beast of Bevendean for several years across Sussex, including in Brighton and Hove.
Current interest in Big cat reports appear to stem from the late 1950s, with news stories of the Surrey Puma and Fen Tiger.
He believes it could be the descendant of the Shropshire jungle cat from the 1980s, or a gigantic domesticated cat.
Several Marines claimed to have seen the cat fleetingly, but nothing other than a fox was ever found.
What if my cat is biting its tail, scooting or rubbing its bottom on the ground?
The cat scratched the little girl because she was playing with it too hard.
Superstar Arthur was the spokescat for a large cat food manufacturer until the cat food company decided to have Arthur's teeth removed.
The alley cat and her kittens would have mugged him already.
In a long tracking shot at the start of the film, a feral cat prowls this wasteland until it is felled by a slow-motion arrow.
After this acute period, it has been previously shown, in a cat model, that transventricular absorption of CSF occurs.
Since the cat is unbagged in the first act, most of the play concerns James's maneuvering between bouts of reconciliation and backsliding.
The first cat genome, derived from a single Abyssinian cat named Cinnamon, was released in 2007 with relatively low sequencing coverage.
The cat will wake up in a tightly curled position, then untuck her head, and gradually her limbs, and then stretch.
It was noticeable that Mr Murdoch, happy to toy with the barrister like a cat with a baby mouse, kept sir-ring the judge Uriah Heepishly.
Perhaps my problem is that I am a cat woman. I can't imagine any finicky feline slobbering over anyone, even a beloved owner, the way a dog does.
Some of them, such as the cat asana, are well-known yoga postures, but others the instructor develops and creates on her own.
Public hangings, bearbaiting, and even cat burning were popular forms of entertainment.
Organisers also point out it can now accept donations of toiletries, washing powder, cleaning items, cat and dog food, baby food and toiletries.
She currently lives in Burton, Michigan with her daughter, cat and woolly bear caterpillar.
It's down to Murdoch, Sally, Rascal, Benji, Yapper, Spike, and Master Y1 to stop the fat cat Katmanchew.
I love cats
I had a cat.
I like cats.
I love cats.
Find the cat.
I have a cat.
Do cats dream?
I miss my cat.
Is that a cat?
My cat is wet.
That's my cat.
Tom had a cat.
He keeps a cat.
I have 13 cats.
She loves cats.
The cat is wet.
The cat meowed.
This is my cat.
Tom loves cats.
He has two cats.
I have two cats.
It's just a cat.
Look at the cat.
She adores cats.
Tom saw the cat.
I let the cat in.
The cat is black.
Do you have a cat?
He keeps two cats.
I have three cats.
I rescued the cat.
I'm getting a cat.
Tom has many cats.
I don't have a cat.
I have a white cat.
I really love cats.
I'm afraid of cats.
I'm scared of cats.
Maybe it was a cat.
Tom has three cats.
Does Tom have a cat?
Don't you like cats?
I do not have a cat.
Tom has a black cat.
Tom has a white cat.
Tom let the cat out.
We don't have a cat.
We have a white cat.
You have three cats.
I have thirteen cats.
I'm allergic to cats.
I'm not a cat person.
We ran after the cat.
Cats don't like water.
Don't pick up the cat.
I have to feed my cat.
She is afraid of cats.
Tom doesn't like cats.
Tom keeps a black cat.
Tom picked up the cat.
Cats usually hate dogs.
Do you like black cats?
I'd like to have a cat.
Is that a cat or a dog?
My cat is really smart.
The cat caught a mouse.
The cat is in the well.
Tom doesn't have a cat.
We own a dog and a cat.
His aunt has three cats.
The cat ran up the tree.
Tom is allergic to cats.
We have a cat and a dog.
Cats are active at night.
Cats can see in the dark.
Curiosity killed the cat.
Do you talk to your cats?
I had a cat named Cookie.
The cat's out of the bag.
Tom gave his cat to Mary.
Cats hate vacuum cleaners.
I have a dog and two cats.
I'll take care of the cat.
My pet cat died yesterday.
Our cat is in the kitchen.
The cat scratched my hand.
The dog ran after the cat.
Tom doesn't have any cats.
She has a dog and six cats.
The cat was sick last week.
Tom and Mary have two cats.
I didn't know you had a cat.
Is there a cat on the table?
She really likes cats a lot.
Tom is playing with his cat.
Hey Tom, isn't that your cat?
There is a cat under the bed.
This type of cat has no tail.
Tom killed my neighbor's cat.
Tom said he didn't like cats.
We keep three dogs and a cat.
Why does everybody love cats?
A cat was sitting on the chair.
I let the cat out of the house.
I never did much care for cats.
Tom is playing with Mary's cat.
Tom let the cat out of the bag.
Tom likes dogs better than cats.
I saw Tom kill the neighbor's cat.
Tom thought Mary didn't like cats.
A cat appeared from under the desk.
A cat came out from under the desk.
Look! There's a cat in the kitchen.
The cat dug its claws into my hand.
Tom doesn't know that I have a cat.
Tom's cat snuggled against his leg.
Tom heard a cat meowing in the tree.
I would rather have a cat than a dog.
This kind of cat doesn't have a tail.
Tom and Mary fought like cat and dog.
Tom chased the cats out of his house.
I want to keep a cat instead of a dog.
Tom likes to look at pictures of cats.
The missing cat has not been found yet.
When was the last time you saw the cat?
Cats can see things even when it's dark.
We lost our cat and Tom found it for us.
Cats have the ability to see in the dark.
He pushed the cat into the swimming pool.
Tom and Mary are playing with John's cat.
I can hear a cat scratching at the window.
Tom could hear the cat scratching the door.
The story about Tom eating my cat isn't true.
As soon as she opened the door, a cat ran out.
I feed my cat every morning and every evening.
Tom doesn't like cats and Mary doesn't either.
Unfortunately, Tom let the cat out of the bag.
Mary asked if the cat had drunk all of the milk.
Tom fed the neighbor's cat while they were away.
Just observe your cat and you will get to know him.
Some people believe that black cats bring bad luck.
I bought her a toy cat, but she wasn't happy with it.
Tom has two cats. One is white and the other is black.
Is it OK to feed my dog the same thing that I feed my cat?
She has two cats. One is white and the other one is black.
Tom doesn't have a cat. However, Tom does have a dog, doesn't he?
 I have a cat.
 It is my cat.
 Cats are smart.
 There is a cat.
  Cats catch mice.
 I have two cats.
 My cat is happy.
 She has one cat.
 The cat is lazy.
 The cat is safe.
 Where's the cat?
 Your cat is fat.
 Did your cat die?
 Do you like cats?
 He's a cat lover.
 I let in the cat.
 Is this your cat?
 Ken has two cats.
 My cat looks sad.
 Susan likes cats.
 The cat is brown.
 The cat ran away.
 Tom has two cats.
 Where is the cat?
 Your cat is cute.
 I am a cat person.
 My cat loves milk.
 My cat loves toys.
 That cat is brown.
 The cat is eating.
 The cat scared me.
 The cats are safe.
 A cat has two ears.
 A cat is not human.
 A cat scratched me.
 Cats are not human.
 He has a white cat.
 I don't have a cat.
 I don't have a cat.
 I have a white cat.
 I play with my cat.
 Ken keeps two cats.
 Mike likes the cat.
 My wife hates cats.
 The cat is purring.
 Which cat is yours?
 Does Tom have a cat?
 Don't you love cats?
 Give that cat to us.
 He's afraid of cats.
 How old is your cat?
 I keep a female cat.
 I need only one cat.
 My cat loves catnip.
  My cat scratched me.
 Please feed the cat.
 She has a white cat.
 The cat drinks milk.
 The cat is adorable.
 The cat is not dead.
 A cat has nine lives.
 Cats don't like dogs.
 Cats hate to get wet.
 Cats have nine lives.
 He gave the cat milk.
 He's got a white cat.
 I keep thirteen cats.
 Is it a cat or a dog?
 Is the cat all right?
 Mom, where's the cat?
 She likes these cats.
 Stop hitting the cat!
 The cat is very cute.
 The cats are meowing.
 The cats are purring.
 They don't like cats.
 This cat is not ours.
 This cat is very fat.
 A cat has seven lives.
 Cats arch their backs.
 He does not like cats.
 He's allergic to cats.
 I prefer cats to dogs.
 My cat died yesterday.
 My cat died yesterday.
 The cat ate the mouse.
 The cat is in the box.
 The cat is on the mat.
 The cat is on the rug.
 We named the cat Mimi.
 What is the cat up to?
 Your cat will survive.
 A cat was on the table.
 All I want is your cat.
 Cats dislike being wet.
 Cats don't eat bananas.
 Cats have pointed ears.
 Everybody loves my cat.
 Give the cat some meat.
 He played with his cat.
 I have a cat and a dog.
 I have a dog and a cat.
 I'm fascinated by cats.
 Meg has a cat as a pet.
  My cat is following me.
 The cat ruined my sofa.
 The cat sat on the mat.
 What does the cat want?
 What's your cat's name?
 Where could the cat be?
 Why is your cat so big?
 Your cat is overweight.
 Black cats are bad luck.
 Cats don't need collars.
 Did you get another cat?
 I'm playing with my cat.
 She scared the cat away.
 She wants to keep a cat.
 Take the cat to my room.
 The cat arched its back.
 The cat caught the rats.
 The cat is on the table.
 We call the cat Madonna.
 Cats are afraid of water.
 He's playing with my cat.
 I took care of Tom's cat.
 I was scratched by a cat.
 My cat and dog get along.
 My cat killed a squirrel.
 My cat killed this mouse.
 My cat will love this.﻿
 She gave a cat some milk.
 That cat really was blue.
 The cat caught the mouse.
 The cat is in its basket.
 The cat sat on the table.
 The cat was on the table.
 A cat can see in the dark.
 A cat is lying in the sun.
 All of your cats are grey.
 Do you want to see my cat?
 He has a cat and two dogs.
 He has a dog and six cats.
 I have a cat named Cookie.
 I like both cats and dogs.
 I like both dogs and cats.
 I love both cats and dogs.
 Jane prefers dogs to cats.
 Let's name our cat Cookie.
 My cats will love this.﻿
 My wife really hates cats.
 Nobody ever found her cat.
 Please treat the cat well.
 The cat is inside the box.
  The cat is licking itself.
 The cat ran after the rat.
 There's a cat in my house.
 You should see my cat now.
 A bird was caught by a cat.
 A cat is lying on the sofa.
 Cats are nocturnal animals.
 Cats are related to tigers.
 Cats don't like to get wet.
 Her cat climbed off my bed.
 Her old cat is still alive.
 His old cat is still alive.
 I gave the milk to the cat.
 I let the cat into my room.
 I like cats more than dogs.
 I like dogs more than cats.
 Is there a cat on the desk?
 It's raining cats and dogs.
 It's raining cats and dogs.
 Keep the cat off the couch.
 Modern cats don't eat mice.
 My cat got stuck up a tree.
 That cat has beautiful fur.
 The cat clung to her dress.
 The cat crossed the street.
 The cat is twenty days old.
 The cat is under the chair.
 The cat is under the table.
 The cat jumped in surprise.
 The cat slept on the table.
 The cat sprang at the bird.
 The cat's fur stood on end.
 There wasn't any cat there.
 There's a cat on the table.
 This is why I dislike cats.
 Will you look after my cat?
 Young tigers resemble cats.
 Your cat is hiding from me.
 Your cat needs to eat more.
 A cat has been on the table.
 A cat ran across the street.
 Cats are very clean animals.
 Cats don't like getting wet.
 He has one dog and six cats.
 Her eyes remind me of a cat.
 How many cats does Tom have?
 I bought a cat at that shop.
 I can't live without my cat.
 I didn't know Tom had a cat.
 My dog is dreaming of a cat.
  The cat climbed up the tree.
 The cat retracted its claws.
 The cat sleeps on the table.
 There is a cat on the chair.
 They fight like cat and dog.
 This cat doesn't chase mice.
 This cat doesn't chase rats.
 This is a story about a cat.
 Would you look after my cat?
 A cat dashed out of the room.
 Cats like playing in the sun.
 He owns one cat and two dogs.
 I like dogs better than cats.
 I see your cat in the garden.
 I seized the cat by the neck.
 It wasn't me. It was the cat.
 Jack has a cat under his arm.
 Look at that cat on the roof.
 Look what the cat dragged in.
 The cat didn't move a muscle.
 The cat is stuck in the tree.
 The cat is watching the fish.
 The cat prefers fish to meat.
 The cat was curled up asleep.
 The cat was licking its paws.
 The cats are afraid of water.
 There was a cat on the table.
 Where did you find their cat?
 Why do you have so many cats?
 Your cat is driving me crazy.
 A dog was running after a cat.
 Cats are natural-born hunters.
 I grabbed the cat by the neck.
 I have to look after this cat.
 Look for my cat under the bed.
 My canary was killed by a cat.
 My cat came out of the basket.
 That's not a cat. It's a dog.
 The cat crept toward the bird.
 The cat crept under the hedge.
 The cat got through the hedge.
 The cat seems extremely happy.
 The cat was stuck in the tree.
 There is a cat in the kitchen.
 There is a cat under the desk.
 There's a cat under the table.
 Tom gave some milk to the cat.
 A cat has a tail and four legs.
 Is it cruel to declaw your cat?
 Is there a cat under the table?
  It began to rain cats and dogs.
 Look! The cat's in the kitchen.
 My cat doesn't like to get wet.
 My cat weighs about ten pounds.
 Open the door to let my cat in.
 That's not a cat. That's a dog.
 The cat hid among the branches.
 The cat is looking at the fish.
 The cat is well out of the bag.
 The cat was basking in the sun.
 This cat is as big as that one.
 Two cats climbed up on a chair.
 Cats are smarter than you think.
 He had to leave his cat at home.
 How do you say "cat" in Spanish?
 I like cats best of all animals.
 It's raining cats and dogs here.
 My brother named his cat Hanako.
 Never feed dog food to your cat.
 She has a cat. The cat is white.
 She never told me she had a cat.
 The cat is sitting on the table.
 The cat is sleeping on the sofa.
 The cat put its nose in the pot.
 The tongue of a cat feels rough.
 There's a cat in the back alley.
 This mouse was killed by my cat.
 We have a cat. We all love cats.
 Why does catnip make cats loopy?
 A cat got out from under the car.
 Cats can see even in dark places.
 Don't let the cat out of the bag.
 Each cat has its own personality.
 He crept on all fours like a cat.
 Her cat had another four kittens.
 I found her cat in an empty room.
 Is the cat on or under the chair?
 Jane likes dogs better than cats.
 My cat is hiding under the stove.
 One cannot make dogs out of cats.
 She's got a cat. The cat's white.
 The cat is playing with the ball.
 The cat is sleeping on the chair.
 The cat is sleeping on the table.
 The cat lay hidden in the bushes.
 The cat likes to sleep beside me.
 The cat on the table is sleeping.
 The cat seems to want some water.
 The cat sleeps next to the couch.
 The dog chased the cat up a tree.
  This is not a cat. This is a dog.
 A cat just came out of the basket.
 Do you know how many cats she has?
 He doesn't know that I have a cat.
 I saw a cat running after the dog.
 Look after the cat while I'm away.
 My cat is running around the room.
 My cat is suffering from the heat.
 Our cat's fur has lost its luster.
 The cat is hiding under the couch.
 We haven't found the lost cat yet.
 What do you need so many cats for?
 A cat can see much better at night.
 Everybody calls the small cat Tora.
 Remember, curiosity killed the cat.
 She keeps a cat. That cat is white.
 The boy caught the cat by the tail.
 The cat is waiting for you at home.
 The cat tangled up all the threads.
 The child threw a stone at the cat.
 There is a cat in the meeting room.
 Today I have to give my cat a bath.
 Tom only gives raw meat to his cat.
 You can't bring your cat to school.
 A cat was sleeping in the bass drum.
 I just saved your cat from drowning.
 Look at that cat. It is Mr. Brown's.
 My cat had a fight with another cat.
 My cat has a big, white, bushy tail.
 That would be a good name for a cat.
 That's a picture of Tom and his cat.
 The cat crouched down ready to jump.
 The cat likes to play in the garden.
 The cat loves playing in the garden.
 The cat slowly approached the mouse.
 They get along like a cat and a dog.
 They named their cats Tom and Jerry.
 They saw a cat climbing up the tree.
 This poor cat almost died of hunger.
 Tom knew why the cat scratched Mary.
 Tom rescued the cat from the flames.
 Who will take care of your cat then?
 Are you a dog person or a cat person?
 Cats can climb trees, but dogs can't.
 I like dogs and my sister likes cats.
 I saw a black cat run into the house.
 Lions and tigers are called big cats.
 Look back and you'll see a black cat.
 The cat doesn't look happy to see us.
 The cat had a ribbon around its neck.
  The cat has started acting strangely.
 The cat is playing with the children.
 The cat lay hidden behind the bushes.
 The house was empty except for a cat.
 The mother cat protected her kittens.
 The poor cat was run over by a truck.
 Tom was born the same day as his cat.
 Cookie would be a good name for a cat.
 He hunted for his missing cat all day.
 How many cats are there in this house?
 I like dogs, but my sister likes cats.
 It seems like the cat smelled a mouse.
 Jack keeps a cat and a parrot at home.
 The cat started to scratch the carpet.
 The cat was playing with a live mouse.
 The mother cat went out hunting birds.
 Those cats always sleep on the carpet.
 Tom is the one that killed Mary's cat.
 Tom opened the door to let the cat in.
 Tom told me you were allergic to cats.
 A cat appeared from behind the curtain.
 Cat's eyes are very sensitive to light.
 Have you decided on a name for the cat?
 Have you ever put your cat into a cage?
 The cat curled up in front of the fire.
 There are two cats sleeping on the bed.
 We found a poor little cat in the yard.
 When the cat's away the mice will play.
 Cats were domesticated by the Egyptians.
 I have to take the cat to the vet today.
 I like your cat, but it doesn't like me.
 I think it's cruel to keep a cat inside.
 My cat likes to look through the window.
 My younger brother named his cat Hanako.
 Our child likes dogs, but I prefer cats.
 She has been unhappy since her cat died.
 Siamese cats are known to be extroverts.
 The cat went through a gap in the fence.
 The mouse ran and the cat ran after him.
 There are two cats hiding under her car.
 There's more than one way to skin a cat.
 We have a dog, a cat and three canaries.
 When her cat died, Diana went to pieces.
 When the cat's away, the mice will play.
 Who will put a bell on the cat's collar?
 Why don't you take the cat out with you?
 At the sight of the dog, the cat ran off.
 Don't let the cat escape. Close the door!
 I like your cat, but she doesn't like me.
 I realized that cats can see in the dark.
 I think it's cruel to keep a cat indoors.
 I've seen my dog sneeze but never my cat.
 My cat has come out from under the table.
 Please look after my cats while I'm away.
 There's more ways than one to kill a cat.
 When the cat is away, the mice will play.
 Why did your cats hide under the blanket?
 Cats were sacred animals in ancient Egypt.
 I bought a new scratching post for my cat.
 Our children like dogs, but I prefer cats.
 Some people like cats, others prefer dogs.
 The cat was not buried alive. He survived.
 The cat was scared by an unfamiliar noise.
 A Persian cat was sleeping under the table.
 Alain focused all his attention on his cat.
 Dogs wag their tails and cats swish theirs.
 He's got two cats, one white and one black.
 I like animals, for example, cats and dogs.
 I'm pretty sure that my cat ate my hamster.
 Is the cat on the chair or under the chair?
 It's the story of a boy, a girl, and a cat.
 My cat rubbed her head against my shoulder.
 One of the most beautiful animals is a cat.
 She thought of her cat left behind at home.
 The two boys lived alone with a lovely cat.
 There are footprints of a cat on the table.
 There are many abandoned cats in the world.
 How can I prevent my cat from killing birds?
 I have to go even if it rains cats and dogs.
 My cat ignores me, except when she's hungry.
 My cat purrs when I scratch behind his ears.
 Napoleon Bonaparte was afraid of black cats.
 The cat came near being run over by a truck.
 The cat pressed its nose against the window.
 The poor cat was on the verge of starvation.
 There's one small cat hiding behind the car.
 This is the biggest cat that I've ever seen.
 "Whose cats are these?" "They are Fatima's."
 Does he know where those cats hid themselves?
 One of the cats is black, the other is brown.
 The cat arched its back and stretched itself.
 A cat was sharpening its claws against a post.
 He's been looking for the missing cat all day.
 I will look after your cat while you are away.
 I'll give these kittens to whoever likes cats.
 If you see the cat in this photo, please call.
 Some people like cats, and others prefer dogs.
 Some wild cats live under my neighbor's house.
 There was a Persian cat sleeping on the table.
 A cat jumped onto the chair and lay motionless.
  I don't believe that black cats cause bad luck.
 My dog and cat live in harmony with each other.
 One day, she told me that she wanted a pet cat.
 There are many black cats hiding under the bed.
 Tom poured some milk into a saucer for his cat.
 Watching the cat sleeping makes me feel better.
 We have two dogs, three cats, and six chickens.
 All her cats are sitting on the roof of the car.
 The black cat purred, as if he was being petted.
 The cat chased the mouse, but couldn't catch it.
 Who will look after your cat while you are away?
 Declawing cats is forbidden in the European Union.
 I do not like cats and my brother does not either.
 It seems like the cat caught the scent of a mouse.
 Tom suggested a few names Mary could give her cat.
 We used to have a cat, but one day it disappeared.
 If you see the cat in this picture, please call us.
 My cat likes it when I scratch her behind the ears.
 The birds flew away in alarm when they saw the cat.
 There's one black cat sleeping on the yellow chair.
 Better be the head of a cat than the tail of a lion.
 He will look after the cats for me while I'm abroad.
 No sooner had she opened the door than a cat ran out.
 The cat got locked in the closet. Can you let it out?
 I wonder why some people think black cats are unlucky.
 The dog and the cat are sleeping together in a basket.
 You could see the marks of the cat's paws in the snow.
 Black or white, a cat that catches mice is a great cat.
 Once upon a time, there was a cat whose name was Tango.
 She has two cats. One is black, and the other is white.
 The cat ran right in front of the bus and was run over.
 Your site appeals to people who are interested in cats.
 I cannot stop that noisy cat from getting into my garden.
 I have a cat and a dog. The cat's black and the dog's white.
 The cat burglar must have entered the mansion from the roof.
 Tom's cat is always waiting at the door when he arrives home.
 I have a cat and a dog. The cat is black and the dog is white.
 Put the cap back on the bottle in case the cat knocks it over.
 A fat white cat sat on a wall and watched them with sleepy eyes.
 Mary doesn't understand why Tom chose a cat as his online avatar.
 On my way to school each day, I generally see many dogs and cats.
 Do you think my cat and your pet rat will get along well together?
 All the villagers went out into the hills to look for a missing cat.
 I've heard that people can eat cat food without any harmful effects.
 When the bus swerved to miss a cat, the driver said, "That was close."
 A fat white cat sat on a wall and watched the two of them with sleepy eyes.
 Observe your cat carefully. If you do so, you'll get to know your cat well.
 Tom looked like something the cat dragged in after his long night at the pub.
 When the bus swerved to miss a cat, the driver said, "That was a close call."
 I like pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals.
  I was looking at a dog. However, when I looked again, it had turned into a cat.
 I don't know what I'm going to do with my cat now that I'm moving to another country.
 It's very difficult to find a black cat in a dark room, especially if there is no cat.
 The cat is sitting on the chair and looking at the meat that's lying on the kitchen table.
 Some superstitious people in America believe that if a black cat crosses your path, you'll have bad luck.
 Cats are like girls. If they talk to you it's great, but if you try to talk to them, it doesn't go so well.
