I am Japanese.
This is Japan.
Is he Japanese?
I am a Japanese.
I live in Japan.
Is she Japanese?
Are you Japanese?
Japan is in Asia.
Are they Japanese?
Bill was in Japan.
I come from Japan.
I'm half Japanese.
Is it Japanese food?
Japanese are Asians.
I'm good at Japanese.
You are not Japanese.
He can speak Japanese.
He went back to Japan.
His father is Japanese.
I can't speak Japanese.
I don't speak Japanese.
I'm a Japanese teacher.
She can speak Japanese.
Mary can speak Japanese.
She spoke Japanese well.
That is a Japanese doll.
This is a Japanese doll.
What do you do in Japan?
You don't look Japanese.
He is a typical Japanese.
Tom wants to go to Japan.
Do you like Japanese food?
In 1943, Japan was at war.
She traveled around Japan.
Are you a Japanese citizen?
His girlfriend is Japanese.
I wish I could go to Japan.
Japan is an island country.
Ken was in Japan last year.
Mary spoke Japanese slowly.
This car was made in Japan.
What do you think of Japan?
When did you come to Japan?
He's able to speak Japanese.
In Japan, it's now 3:00 a.m.
He is able to speak Japanese.
He will leave Japan in April.
John came to Japan yesterday.
She accompanied him to Japan.
The climate of Japan is mild.
This book sold well in Japan.
Tom came to Japan as a child.
Tom isn't a Japanese citizen.
Do you have any Japanese beer?
Mary likes Japan, doesn't she?
Tom became a Japanese citizen.
Tom likes Japanese food a lot.
Where is the Japanese Embassy?
I grew up eating Japanese food.
The news spread all over Japan.
Do you have Japanese newspapers?
Does anyone here speak Japanese?
I met him while he was in Japan.
Is English harder than Japanese?
It rains a lot in June in Japan.
Japan is not as large as Canada.
Our native language is Japanese.
She sang a Japanese song for us.
Tom can't afford to visit Japan.
Tom seems to like Japanese food.
We are leaving Japan next month.
Earthquakes frequently hit Japan.
He came to Japan seven years ago.
How long have you lived in Japan?
Is this your first time in Japan?
Tom came to Japan from Australia.
Tom lived in Japan for ten years.
Have you ever eaten Japanese food?
I don't know anything about Japan.
This lake is the deepest in Japan.
Which is larger, Japan or England?
Four is an unlucky number in Japan.
He has been in Japan for two years.
He often goes to Japan on business.
I think food is expensive in Japan.
Land prices are very high in Japan.
She doesn't speak Japanese at home.
This song is very popular in Japan.
Tom and Mary traveled around Japan.
Tom doesn't care for Japanese food.
I don't know when Bob came to Japan.
In Japan, all children go to school.
Is there a similar proverb in Japan?
Most Japanese take a bath every day.
This book is not available in Japan.
Tom came to Japan to study Japanese.
Tom is a fluent speaker of Japanese.
Tom went to Japan to study Japanese.
Where is the Japan Airlines counter?
He has been in Japan for three years.
I decided to come to Japan last year.
The Japanese are a very clean people.
How long is he going to stay in Japan?
I speak Japanese, English, and French.
That building is the tallest in Japan.
That's very natural-sounding Japanese.
Tom intends to live in Japan for good.
We are leaving Japan tomorrow morning.
We have a lot of earthquakes in Japan.
What is the tallest building in Japan?
How do you say "Thank you" in Japanese?
I don't know when Tom will leave Japan.
I never knew Tom's mother was Japanese.
Japan does a lot of trade with Britain.
Lake Biwa is the largest lake in Japan.
Tom currently teaches English in Japan.
What is this animal called in Japanese?
He often writes to his parents in Japan.
It has been ten years since I left Japan.
There are many active volcanoes in Japan.
This melody is familiar to many Japanese.
Tom bought a Chinese-Japanese dictionary.
Tom bought a Japanese-Chinese dictionary.
Tom can't afford the time to visit Japan.
Tom was not used to eating Japanese food.
What do you call this animal in Japanese?
What's the most delicious fruit in Japan?
When were potatoes introduced into Japan?
He came to Japan when he was 10 years old.
I bought every book on Japan I could find.
He lived in a typical Japanese-style house.
He translated a Japanese novel into French.
He translated a Japanese novel into French.
I don't know when Tom is leaving for Japan.
In Japan, the new semester begins in April.
The first atomic bomb was dropped on Japan.
Tom bought a camera that was made in Japan.
I'll be visiting Japan again in a few years.
Mary is saving money so she can go to Japan.
I left Japan for the first time in ten years.
Is this your first time to eat Japanese food?
There are a lot of beautiful places in Japan.
Tom is very knowledgeable about Japanese art.
Tom's Japanese is improving little by little.
Computer supplies are very expensive in Japan.
In Japan, the new school year begins in April.
It's not easy for me to travel alone in Japan.
Tom majored in Japanese literature in college.
In Japan, we drive on the left side of the road.
The Shinano River is the longest river in Japan.
How come you know so much about Japanese history?
Japan does a lot of trade with the United States.
Mr. Wright speaks Japanese like a native speaker.
Tom watched a Japanese movie subtitled in French.
What will the Japanese economy be like next year?
Is this the first time you've eaten Japanese food?
The pears we eat in Japan look almost like apples.
He returned to Japan after graduating from college.
I thought Tom would want to try some Japanese food.
Tom watched a Japanese movie with French subtitles.
Lots of people in Japan are indifferent to politics.
Tom first came to Japan when he was three years old.
I never realized you were interested in Japanese art.
It's bad manners to eat on trains and buses in Japan.
Susie doesn't speak Japanese, and Tom doesn't either.
We can drive in Japan when we are eighteen years old.
We often hear it said that Japanese are good workers.
What do you think is the most popular sport in Japan?
I know an American girl who speaks Japanese very well.
Tom came to Japan for the first time when he was three.
In 1994, there was a shortage of water and rice in Japan.
Is there an English-Japanese dictionary on the bookshelf?
Tom doesn't have a very good Japanese-English dictionary.
I've visited many countries, but I like Japan best of all.
People say that Japan is the richest country in the world.
What do you think is the second tallest mountain in Japan?
What mountain do you think is the second highest in Japan?
Japan is a country that is completely surrounded by oceans.
Japanese is often said to be a difficult language to learn.
In Japan, people legally become adults at the age of twenty.
The French president is scheduled to visit Japan next month.
Tom wanted to study Japanese with a native Japanese speaker.
How many suicides do you think there are every year in Japan?
In Japan, people legally become adults when they turn twenty.
Tom came to Japan eight and a half years ago with his parents.
I hear that there are people in Japan who keep penguins as pets.
This book is for students whose native language is not Japanese.
Tom always uses the rice cooker that he brought back from Japan.
Tom ate a Japanese-style breakfast for the first time yesterday.
Tom has to learn Japanese because he's going to Japan next year.
Tom needs to learn Japanese, since he's going to Japan next year.
Americans like football in the same way that Japanese like baseball.
After I got married, my Japanese got better and I could understand more.
He was raised in the United States, but his native language is Japanese.
In the 1960's, Japanese college students demonstrated against their government.
There were demonstrations against the government by Japanese university students in the 1960's.
Tom put a Band-Aid over his small tattoo of a spider so he would be allowed into a Japanese hot spring.
He is Japanese.
Japan is weird.
She is Japanese.
 Are you Japanese?
Welcome to Japan.
We speak Japanese.
You look Japanese.
Does he like Japan?
He is not Japanese.
I eat Japanese food.
I returned to Japan.
I wanna go to Japan.
He is a Japanese boy.
He returned to Japan.
I like Japanese food.
Can he speak Japanese?
Do you speak Japanese?
He has a Japanese car.
How do you like Japan?
I must learn Japanese.
I want to go to Japan.
I'm from Tokyo, Japan.
Jim can read Japanese.
She returned to Japan.
They settled in Japan.
Your Japanese is good.
Can you speak Japanese?
He left Japan for good.
He wrote me from Japan.
Her father is Japanese.
I am learning Japanese.
I'm a Japanese student.
Don't speak in Japanese.
He is Japanese by birth.
He speaks Japanese well.
He's fluent in Japanese.
I cannot speak Japanese.
Japan has to import oil.
Japan is a rich country.
Japan is close to China.
What is Japan noted for?
Why did you go to Japan?
Yoko is a Japanese name.
He left Japan for Europe.
I have to learn Japanese.
I have to study Japanese.
I need to learn Japanese.
I study Japanese history.
I want to learn Japanese.
I was traveling in Japan.
Japan has a mild climate.
Japan is in eastern Asia.
Naoko came back to Japan.
 Sushi is a Japanese food.
Does anyone know Japanese?
Few Indians live in Japan.
He left Japan for America.
I came to Japan last year.
I couldn't speak Japanese.
I dream of being in Japan.
I like Japanese very much.
I speak a little Japanese.
Japanese houses are small.
John has a car from Japan.
Look at this Japanese car.
Mike speaks good Japanese.
This car is made in Japan.
This is the flag of Japan.
What will become of Japan?
Why did you come to Japan?
Are you a Japanese student?
China is bigger than Japan.
China is larger than Japan.
Does anyone speak Japanese?
I came to Japan from China.
I often ate curry in Japan.
I'm eating a Japanese pear.
Japan is a strange country.
Japan is full of surprises!
Japanese flags were flying.
My dream is to go to Japan.
Susie loves Japanese music.
Are you Chinese or Japanese?
Can you speak Japanese, too?
Canada is larger than Japan.
English is studied in Japan.
Has Ken left Japan for good?
Have you ever been to Japan?
He came to Japan as a child.
He studied Japanese eagerly.
He's a typical Japanese man.
I thought you were Japanese.
I will tell you about Japan.
I would like to go to Japan.
Miss Red taught me Japanese.
The Japanese have dark eyes.
This watch is made in Japan.
Yakitori is a Japanese dish.
Yakitori is a Japanese food.
Are they Japanese or Chinese?
Cholera is uncommon in Japan.
Has Jane left Japan for good?
He speaks Japanese very well.
 I came to Japan to see Kyoto.
I study English and Japanese.
It is time to study Japanese.
Japan is a beautiful country.
Japan is famous for Mt. Fuji.
Japan is smaller than Canada.
Japanese is my mother tongue.
John has a car made in Japan.
She came to Japan as a child.
That isn't the case in Japan.
These cars are made in Japan.
Tom speaks Japanese fluently.
We are all praying for Japan.
When did you arrive in Japan?
When do you go back to Japan?
Where did you go to in Japan?
A cold wave passed over Japan.
Bill speaks a little Japanese.
Can I call my friend in Japan?
Can you help me with Japanese?
Did he learn Japanese as well?
Did you decide to go to Japan?
Do Japanese eat a lot of fish?
Golf is very popular in Japan.
He arrived in Japan yesterday.
Helen came to Japan last year.
How long will you be in Japan?
I came to Japan two years ago.
I have difficulty in Japanese.
I'd like to fax this to Japan.
Japan consumes a lot of paper.
Japan is an industrial nation.
Japan is not as big as Canada.
Japan is to the east of China.
Japanese is our mother tongue.
Jim has learned to like Japan.
Kabuki is an old Japanese art.
She can hardly speak Japanese.
That is not the case in Japan.
The capital of Japan is Tokyo.
They became citizens of Japan.
This book sells well in Japan.
This is a watch made in Japan.
Tokyo is the capital of Japan.
Typhoons hit Japan every year.
We have four seasons in Japan.
A typhoon is approaching Japan.
Cars keep to the left in Japan.
Do you have any Japanese foods?
Have you ever sung in Japanese?
 He came to Japan two years ago.
His Japanese is almost perfect.
I heard a Japanese nightingale.
I understand Japanese a little.
Japan depends on foreign trade.
Japan has frequent earthquakes.
Japan is an industrial country.
Japan's army was very powerful.
Japanese cars are very popular.
Japanese eat three meals a day.
Let's return to Japan together.
Manila fell to Japanese troops.
My native language is Japanese.
Put this Japanese into English.
Scores of people visited Japan.
She was out of Japan last year.
The main crop of Japan is rice.
This is a camera made in Japan.
Trading with Japan is not easy.
We often eat fish raw in Japan.
When will you go back to Japan?
Where in Japan did you grow up?
Why did her father go to Japan?
Blowfish is a delicacy in Japan.
China is much bigger than Japan.
China is much bigger than Japan.
China is much larger than Japan.
Do you like Japanese or English?
Germany and Japan were defeated.
Have you decided to go to Japan?
He appreciates Japanese culture.
He is also very famous in Japan.
How long have you been in Japan?
How long will you stay in Japan?
I do not have to study Japanese.
I'd like to send these to Japan.
I'm a Japanese language teacher.
Japan is subject to earthquakes.
Japanese is harder than English.
Kyoto is Japan's former capital.
Mr. Newman often comes to Japan.
Mrs. Brown understands Japanese.
The trains run on time in Japan.
These cameras are made in Japan.
They are leaving Japan tomorrow.
They eat a lot of rice in Japan.
This is Matsuko and me in Japan.
Tomorrow I will return to Japan.
What is the population of Japan?
When did Mr. Suzuki leave Japan?
 Ask him if he can speak Japanese.
Bill can speak a little Japanese.
Bill can speak Japanese a little.
Do they both understand Japanese?
Does someone here speak Japanese?
He doesn't know much about Japan.
He left Japan never to come back.
He went to India by way of Japan.
He will return to Japan some day.
He's very interested in Japanese.
I am a Japanese high school girl.
I lived in Japan three years ago.
I want to send a parcel to Japan.
I will tell you more about Japan.
I'd like to make a call to Japan.
I'll come back to Japan tomorrow.
In Japan, school starts in April.
It is expensive to live in Japan.
Japanese cars sell well overseas.
May has been in Japan for a year.
Sadly, many Japanese people died.
Speaking Japanese is easy for me.
That was my first visit to Japan.
The Japanese live mainly on rice.
They are Japanese sumo wrestlers.
This custom is peculiar to Japan.
We must cancel our trip to Japan.
You can't read Japanese, can you?
"I'm Japanese," the boy answered.
Few Japanese can use English well.
Have you ever tried Japanese food?
He doesn't know a lot about Japan.
He doesn't know that I'm Japanese.
Hello, I'm Tomoko Sato from Japan.
How long are you staying in Japan?
I don't know anything about Japan.
I think my Japanese is really bad.
In Japan people drive on the left.
Is this your first visit to Japan?
Jane can sing some Japanese songs.
Japan knew it was winning the war.
Japan wanted control of Manchuria.
Land prices are sky-high in Japan.
Living in Japan is very expensive.
Many kinds of birds live in Japan.
Mr. Smith left Japan this morning.
Noh is a traditional Japanese art.
She studied Japanese after dinner.
There are 43 prefectures in Japan.
They don't know that I'm Japanese.
 This is the deepest lake in Japan.
We often compare Japan to England.
Which is larger, Japan or Britain?
Why didn't you buy a Japanese car?
You have to study Japanese harder.
Bicycles keep to the left in Japan.
Do you have any Japanese magazines?
Do you like to cook Japanese foods?
Dr. George's secretary is Japanese.
Generally, Japanese people are shy.
He always wanted to study Japanese.
He has dozens of books about Japan.
He translated French into Japanese.
I didn't know that he was Japanese.
I want to be able to read Japanese.
Japan has become a powerful nation.
Japan is rich in beautiful scenery.
Japanese forces marched into Burma.
JST stands for Japan Standard Time.
My dream is to go to Japan someday.
Nearly all Japanese have dark hair.
She doesn't know that I'm Japanese.
She speaks Japanese to some extent.
Such a thing can't happen in Japan.
The Japanese live on rice and fish.
This is a custom peculiar to Japan.
This is the tallest tower in Japan.
Tokyo is the largest city in Japan.
What do you think of Japanese food?
What's your favorite Japanese word?
"Was Bill in Japan?" "Yes, he was."
A Japanese wouldn't do such a thing.
Could you send this letter to Japan?
Do you have any Japanese newspapers?
Dr. Georges's secretary is Japanese.
I am interested in Japanese history.
I am leaving Japan tomorrow morning.
I can see some Japanese people here.
I have a car that was made in Japan.
I have been in Japan for two months.
I stayed in Japan only a few months.
I want to send this letter to Japan.
I will go to Japanese class tomorrow
In Japan, bowing is common courtesy.
It is easy for us to speak Japanese.
Japan and South Korea are neighbors.
Japan has a high population density.
Japan is an extremely noisy country.
Japanese beef was on sale yesterday.
Japanese gardens usually have ponds.
 Judy will talk about Japan tomorrow.
Many foreigners speak good Japanese.
Many Japanese get married in church.
Mary is saving money to go to Japan.
Nicole can speak Japanese very well.
She came to Japan to study Japanese.
The film was not a success in Japan.
The Japanese destroyed Pearl Harbor.
The university paid my way to Japan.
There are a lot of legends in Japan.
There are many earthquakes in Japan.
Tina soon got used to Japanese food.
We have to cancel our trip to Japan.
When do you plan to leave for Japan?
Which river is the longest in Japan?
Who's your favorite Japanese singer?
Americans buy a lot of Japanese cars.
Are there any guidebooks in Japanese?
Are you interested in Japanese music?
Do you have a return ticket to Japan?
He came to Japan when he was a child.
He is familiar with Japanese culture.
He left Japan at the end of the year.
How do you like the climate of Japan?
I have been in Japan for three years.
I haven't had much time to see Japan.
I need a Japanese-English dictionary.
I've studied Japanese for five years.
In general, Japan has a mild climate.
In general, Japanese are hardworking.
In Japan, there are many hot springs.
It's rare to find big yards in Japan.
Japan has a lot of trade with Canada.
Japan has to reconstruct its economy.
Japan is at peace with her neighbors.
Japan is hot and humid in the summer.
Japan is made up of volcanic islands.
Japan produces a lot of good cameras.
Kyoto is the former capital of Japan.
Most Japanese opposed a tax increase.
Mt. Fuji is Japan's tallest mountain.
Osaka is Japan's second biggest city.
Osaka is Japan's second largest city.
She looks better in Japanese clothes.
Sumo is a traditional Japanese sport.
The company is incorporated in Japan.
The economy of Japan is still stable.
The Japanese population is shrinking.
The president put off visiting Japan.
They were leaving Japan the next day.
 Tomorrow morning we're leaving Japan.
We leave Japan at 3 p.m. next Friday.
We want to learn some Japanese songs.
What do you think of Japan's economy?
What's your favorite castle in Japan?
What's your opinion of Japanese food?
Where is the longest tunnel in Japan?
California is about as large as Japan.
Four is an unlucky number in Japanese.
He teaches them how to speak Japanese.
He's a famous popular singer in Japan.
He's a student of Japanese literature.
I have made up my mind to leave Japan.
I only speak a smattering of Japanese.
I want to send this postcard to Japan.
In Japan, it's very hot in the summer.
Is Japanese taught in your school now?
It is very hot in the summer in Japan.
Japan does a lot of trade with Canada.
Japan imports a large quantity of oil.
Japan imports oranges from California.
Japan is famous for her scenic beauty.
Japan is famous for its scenic beauty.
Japan is not what it was 15 years ago.
Japan is, as it were, his second home.
Japanese currency is widely used here.
Kyoto was the former capital of Japan.
Last year, I decided to come to Japan.
No city in Japan is as large as Tokyo.
She is familiar with Japanese history.
The Japanese economy is in depression.
The Japanese like to travel in groups.
The new term starts in April in Japan.
When did you first come over to Japan?
While in Japan, she bought the camera.
A Japanese would never do such a thing.
Are there any beautiful parks in Japan?
Can I hire a guide who speaks Japanese?
Do you have many friends here in Japan?
Do you know if Lucy can speak Japanese?
He likes Japanese, and he's good at it.
He visited Japan when he was president.
Her novel was translated into Japanese.
His novel was translated into Japanese.
I ate Japanese food for the first time.
I don't know how to put it in Japanese.
I like the Japanese language very much.
I want to become a teacher of Japanese.
I want to make a collect call to Japan.
I would rather have been born in Japan.
 I'd like to send this package to Japan.
In Japan there are four seasons a year.
In Japan we have a lot of rain in June.
Is American food popular here in Japan?
Japan and Britain are island countries.
Japan does a lot of trade with the USA.
Japan has a lot of beautiful mountains.
Japan is not rich in natural resources.
Japan is not what it was ten years ago.
Japan relies on Arab countries for oil.
Japanese office workers work very hard.
Japanese people tend to think that way.
Most Japanese drink water from the tap.
Most Japanese houses are built of wood.
Most Japanese temples are made of wood.
That is the common occurrence in Japan.
The American boy spoke broken Japanese.
The Japanese economy developed rapidly.
There are almost no gunfights in Japan.
They say golf is very popular in Japan.
This lake is the deepest lake in Japan.
Those who are present are all Japanese.
What is the average life span in Japan?
Which is the highest mountain in Japan?
Why has Japan let pollution get so bad?
Can you translate English into Japanese?
China is twenty times as large as Japan.
China is twenty times bigger than Japan.
Could you bring me a Japanese newspaper?
He visited Japan while he was President.
How long are you going to stay in Japan?
How many prefectures are there in Japan?
I'd like to send this postcard to Japan.
I'm going to Japan by myself next month.
I'm Japanese, but I don't live in Japan.
In Japan, there are lots of hot springs.
Is English more difficult than Japanese?
Is there a Japanese-speaking stewardess?
It's a pity that you should leave Japan.
Japan depends on Arab countries for oil.
Japan is the best country under the sun.
Japan surpasses China in economic power.
Japanese history is my favorite subject.
Many Europeans do not know modern Japan.
Mexico has half as many people as Japan.
My knowledge of Japanese is rather poor.
On that day, Japanese flags were flying.
Our Japanese teacher is very nice to us.
Texas is nearly twice as large as Japan.
The ambassador is leaving Japan tonight.
 There are a lot of earthquakes in Japan.
There are a lot of hot springs in Japan.
We often talked about Japanese politics.
What kinds of Japanese food do you like?
When was the potato introduced in Japan?
You will soon get used to Japanese food.
Could I get a Japanese newspaper, please?
Do you have a similar saying in Japanese?
England resembles Japan in many respects.
How can I make a telephone call to Japan?
How long have you been studying Japanese?
I didn't know when Bob had come to Japan.
I thought only Japanese were workaholics.
I will badly miss you if you leave Japan.
I'd like to make a collect call to Japan.
In Japan the school year begins in April.
Is the Ginza the busiest street in Japan?
Is there also a similar proverb in Japan?
It's the rainy season in Japan right now.
Jane has made great progress in Japanese.
Japan depends on other countries for oil.
Japan was becoming more powerful in Asia.
Japan's rice market is closed to imports.
Japanese young people like rock and jazz.
Ken learned many Japanese songs by heart.
Let me take you to a Japanese restaurant.
Mr. Wang came to Japan to study Japanese.
My father has recently returned to Japan.
One is Japanese and the other is Italian.
Osaka is the center of commerce in Japan.
The Japanese live in harmony with nature.
The Japanese used to live mainly on rice.
Tom went to Japan on a work holiday visa.
What will happen to the Japanese economy?
Buddhism was introduced into Japan in 538.
Can I talk to someone who speaks Japanese?
Do you have a Christmas vacation in Japan?
French has many more vowels than Japanese.
Hard work has made Japan what it is today.
He came to Japan when he was a boy of ten.
He speaks Japanese as if he were Japanese.
He wrote on the social evolution of Japan.
Hokkaido is in the northern part of Japan.
I think that Japan is a very safe country.
I'll miss you terribly if you leave Japan.
If you are ever in Japan, come and see me.
It has been ten years since he left Japan.
It is five years since they came to Japan.
It took Jane twenty hours to fly to Japan.
It's been ten years since I came to Japan.
 It's really easy for me to speak Japanese.
Japan has diplomatic relations with China.
Japan's consumption of rice is decreasing.
Japan's most important opponent was China.
Japanese tourists abroad are big spenders.
Japanese tourists can be found everywhere.
Mary has finished her Japanese assignment.
Most big Japanese firms depend on exports.
Mt. Fuji is the highest mountain in Japan.
My father has recently come back to Japan.
Osaka is the second largest city of Japan.
Put the following sentences into Japanese.
The cost of living in Japan is going down.
The foreigner didn't know Japanese at all.
The Japanese eat rice at least once a day.
The Japanese economy grew by 4% last year.
There are frequently earthquakes in Japan.
There is a great market for rice in Japan.
This is the second longest river in Japan.
Tokyo is by far the largest city in Japan.
When does the rainy season in Japan begin?
When I came to Japan, I burned my bridges.
You are sending me a Japanese doll, right?
You run into Japanese tourists everywhere.
"Tatoeba" means "for example" in Japanese.
A Japanese garden usually has a pond in it.
A lot of foreigners visit Japan every year.
China has about 25 times the area of Japan.
Do you know any doctors who speak Japanese?
He hopes to exhibit his paintings in Japan.
He is one of the business leaders in Japan.
He is one of the greatest artists in Japan.
In Japan a new school year starts in April.
It's been ten years since he came to Japan.
It's hard for foreigners to learn Japanese.
Japan depends on foreign countries for oil.
Japan depends on imports for raw materials.
Japan had defeated Russia in a war in 1905.
Japan has enjoyed prosperity since the war.
Japan is doing a lot of trade with the U.S.
Japan is not abundant in natural resources.
May I have an application form in Japanese?
Monica Sone was a Japanese-American writer.
Most Japanese eat rice at least once a day.
Sapporo is the fifth largest city in Japan.
She left Japan, never to return home again.
They exchanged Japanese money for American.
They have less rain in Egypt than in Japan.
You aren't leaving Japan for good, are you?
A Japanese would not have said such a thing.
 Bill spoke Japanese with surprising fluency.
Can you tell a Chinese person from Japanese?
Her novel has been translated into Japanese.
His novel has been translated into Japanese.
His poetry does not translate into Japanese.
I'm looking forward to your coming to Japan.
Is it true that your girlfriend is Japanese?
It is hard for foreigners to learn Japanese.
It would be nice if I could travel to Japan.
Jane is familiar with the Japanese language.
Japan imports great quantities of crude oil.
Japan is located in the Northern Hemisphere.
Japan plays a key role in the world economy.
Japanese people are considered to be polite.
Natural resources are not abundant in Japan.
No other city in Japan is as large as Tokyo.
No river in Japan is as long as the Shinano.
On the whole, the Japanese are conservative.
There is no market for these goods in Japan.
There were no radios in Japan in those days.
They say that golf is very popular in Japan.
Tom speaks Japanese better than Japanese do.
What do you think of those Japanese writers?
When I speak Japanese, I sound like a child.
Are there any Japanese restaurants near here?
As a rule we have much rain in June in Japan.
Can you make yourself understood in Japanese?
Did Mr. Davis come to Japan to teach English?
Do you have any employees who speak Japanese?
Have you ever read the Constitution of Japan?
He has a good knowledge of Japanese religion.
How can I contact a Japanese-speaking doctor?
How many times has Japan hosted the Olympics?
It has been three months since he left Japan.
It has been two years since he came to Japan.
It's good to hear that you can work in Japan.
Japan should not spend much money on weapons.
Japanese has something in common with Korean.
Many things were brought to Japan from China.
No mountain in Japan is higher than Mt. Fuji.
Please translate this sentence into Japanese.
She was born in America and grew up in Japan.
The battle was an important defeat for Japan.
The foreigner soon got used to Japanese food.
The passengers on board were mostly Japanese.
The population of Japan is about 120 million.
The population of Japan is less than America.
The prospects for Japan's future look dismal.
Tokyo is larger than any other city in Japan.
What do you think about the Japanese economy?
 Yokohama is the second largest city in Japan.
You must not speak Japanese during the class.
You'll soon get used to eating Japanese food.
A comparable car would cost far more in Japan.
A Japanese person would never do such a thing.
A network of railroads spreads all over Japan.
Do Japanese children really paint the sun red?
Generally speaking, Japanese are hard workers.
Generally speaking, Japanese women are modest.
Have you ever read a book written about Japan?
He is one of the greatest scientists in Japan.
He is one of the most famous singers in Japan.
He left Japan on the same day that we arrived.
He makes frequent visits to Japan on business.
I got a letter from a friend of mine in Japan.
I thought that he knew everything about Japan.
I want to study Japan's history at university.
In August, I'm going to Japan with my friends.
In Japan, are nurses high on the social scale?
In Japan, the new school year starts in April.
It is said that golf is very popular in Japan.
It's been five years since they came to Japan.
Japan has to import most of its raw materials.
Japan's trade surplus soared to a record high.
Japanese are not so particular about religion.
Japanese love to soak in a hot tub before bed.
Meg is curious to know everything about Japan.
Most big Japanese companies depend on exports.
Most of the passengers on board were Japanese.
Mt. Fuji is the most famous mountain in Japan.
She bought that camera while she was in Japan.
That country is about twice as large as Japan.
The consumption tax is now 5 percent in Japan.
The professor is in Japan on sabbatical leave.
There were no railroads at that time in Japan.
There were no railroads in Japan at that time.
Thousands of foreigners visit Japan each year.
Almost all Japanese boys like to play baseball.
At last, spring has come to this part of Japan.
Cars made in Japan are used all over the world.
Did you hear about the big earthquake in Japan?
From that day on, we helped him learn Japanese.
He is very much interested in Japanese history.
He said he had come to Japan the previous week.
I thought you'd want to try some Japanese food.
I would like to read books on Japanese history.
Japanese differ from American in many respects.
John is looking for a book on Japanese history.
Many young Japanese travel overseas these days.
My friend George is going to Japan this summer.
 Rice is usually eaten with chopsticks in Japan.
Sake is a traditional Japanese alcoholic drink.
She is well known both in Japan and in America.
She will be the first Japanese woman astronaut.
Soccer is very popular among Japanese students.
Sumo wrestling is a traditional Japanese sport.
The climate in Japan is milder than in England.
The hotel was designed by a Japanese architect.
The Japanese eat more beef than the British do.
The USA is a good market for Japanese products.
Thousands of foreigners visit Japan every year.
Where's the gate for Japan Airlines flight 124?
Wherever you go, you'll find Japanese tourists.
Yokohama is one of the largest cities in Japan.
You will soon get used to eating Japanese food.
Five years have passed since they came to Japan.
He has only a superficial knowledge of Japanese.
He is the first Japanese that traveled in space.
He will come back to Japan in the middle of May.
I worry more about you than the future of Japan.
I'll have to work harder on my Japanese studies.
I'm American, but I can speak Japanese a little.
I'm going to Japan with my girlfriend in August.
It is tastes every bit as good as Japanese rice.
Japan has caught up with America in some fields.
Japan has economically become a powerful nation.
Japan imports various raw materials from abroad.
Japan wanted to end any Russian threat to Korea.
Japan's attack had brought America into the war.
Many large Japanese companies depend on exports.
Michael speaks Japanese, not to mention English.
My friend George is coming to Japan this spring.
My friend George is coming to Japan this summer.
No other lake in Japan is as large as Lake Biwa.
Please change this Japanese yen to U.S. dollars.
Please translate this Japanese text into French.
She will be the first female Japanese astronaut.
Surrounded by the sea, Japan has a mild climate.
That Japanese word has no equivalent in English.
The Japanese economic system is about to change.
The Japanese language has honorific expressions.
There are many Americans who can speak Japanese.
There are many Japanese restaurants in New York.
This is an error common among Japanese students.
Tom speaks Japanese better than the Japanese do.
Translate the following sentences into Japanese.
We went to the museum to study Japanese history.
What do Japanese students usually eat for lunch?
What's your favorite place to vacation in Japan?
Don't you think most Japanese students work hard?
 Generally speaking, the climate of Japan is mild.
Have you gotten used to eating Japanese food yet?
He got well acquainted with the history of Japan.
I hope that Japan will abide by its Constitution.
I'm looking forward to seeing you again in Japan.
In Japan, there is no lake bigger than Lake Biwa.
It was ten years ago that he first came to Japan.
It was when he was a child that he came to Japan.
Japan achieved a real GNP growth of 5% last year.
Japan has produced more cars than ever this year.
Japan seceded from the League of Nations in 1933.
Japan trades with lots of countries in the world.
Once gold was less valuable than silver in Japan.
Read this passage and translate it into Japanese.
The climate of Japan is as warm as that of China.
The climate of Japan is not like that of England.
The history of China is older than that of Japan.
The population of China is 8 times that of Japan.
There's not a single safe place anymore in Japan.
They won the Japan Cup three years in succession.
We can not learn Japanese without learning Kanji.
When did the Japanese start eating polished rice?
You will miss Japanese food in the United States.
Banks refused to lend money to Japanese-Americans.
Father translated the German letter into Japanese.
February 7th is Northern Territories Day in Japan.
Generally speaking, the Japanese are hard workers.
Generally, the Japanese are very diligent workers.
He can speak Japanese almost as well as you and I.
He has been regarded as Japan's answer to Picasso.
Hokkaido is located in the northern part of Japan.
How many medals did the Japanese athletes collect?
I had no idea you were interested in Japanese art.
I'd like to make a person-to-person call to Japan.
If you ever go to Japan, please visit my hometown.
In Japan, the rainy season usually begins in June.
It is difficult for foreigners to master Japanese.
It is interesting how he learned Japanese cooking.
It would be great if there was a Japanese edition.
Japan began to import rice from the United States.
Japan is confronted with severe economic problems.
Japan today is not what it was even ten years ago.
Japan, for the most part, is a good place to live.
Japan's inflation-adjusted GNP growth rate was 5%.
No other mountain in Japan is as high as Mt. Fuji.
Nowadays there are no ninjas or samurais in Japan.
Some people say Japan is a male-dominated society.
The climate of Japan is milder than that of India.
The Kiso River is often called the Rhine of Japan.
The typical Japanese person doesn't speak English.
 We would like to distribute this product in Japan.
We would like to distribute your product in Japan.
Where is the boarding gate for Japan Airlines 124?
China is about twenty-five times as large as Japan.
Do you know who the British Ambassador to Japan is?
He sometimes feels like eating Japanese-style food.
I am surprised that your family has a Japanese car.
I have to complete a paper on the Japanese economy.
I interpreted what he said in French into Japanese.
I thought for sure you would stay in Japan forever.
Jane has a Japanese friend who speaks English well.
Many young people in Japan eat bread for breakfast.
Miss Brown has gotten used to eating Japanese food.
No other mountain in Japan is higher than Mt. Fuji.
No other river in Japan is longer than the Shinano.
Please translate this text from Japanese to French.
Several of my friends have been to Japan this year.
She certainly looks beautiful in a Japanese kimono.
She translated the book from Japanese into English.
Soccer is more popular in Japan than it used to be.
The climate of Canada is cooler than that of Japan.
The Japanese government made an important decision.
The Japanese have a lot in common with the Chinese.
The President of the United States is now in Japan.
We translated the novel from Japanese into English.
What do you think about Japan's educational system?
Do you want to eat French, Japanese or Chinese food?
Don't translate English into Japanese word for word.
Father translated the French document into Japanese.
He majored in Japanese literature at the university.
I can speak Japanese, but I can't read it very well.
I rate him among the best modern composers in Japan.
I received a letter from one of my friends in Japan.
In Japan, it is proper to bow when you meet someone.
It is often said that the Japanese are hard workers.
It was not until I came to Japan that I ate sashimi.
Japan and China differ from each other in many ways.
Japan is a leader in the world's high-tech industry.
Japan is the largest importer of U.S. farm products.
Japan, for the most part, is a lovely place to live.
Japanese men still like baseball better than soccer.
Mt. Fuji is higher than any other mountain in Japan.
Naginata is one of Japan's traditional martial arts.
No pro golfer in Japan is as popular as Jumbo Ozaki.
She translated the letter from Japanese into French.
Statues of Buddha are notable works of Japanese art.
The climate of Japan is milder than that of England.
The Japanese government can't cope with the problem.
The Japanese's basic diet consists of rice and fish.
The Shinano is longer than any other river in Japan.
 The Shinanogawa river is the longest river in Japan.
The Xinhong River is longer than any river in Japan.
This magazine is available in any big city in Japan.
Tokyo is more populous than any other city in Japan.
Tom's father is Canadian and his mother is Japanese.
We are giving the first prize to a Japanese student.
We often come across Japanese tourists in this area.
We wish to invite Peter to Japan in the near future.
A polite manner is characteristic of Japanese people.
American kitchens are much bigger than Japanese ones.
Do you know who the Japanese ambassador to France is?
Generally speaking, the Japanese people are diligent.
His criticisms were aimed at the Japanese government.
I am more worried about you than the future of Japan.
I know that Japanese songs are very difficult for us.
I'm not good at eating Japanese food with chopsticks.
Is this the first time for you to have Japanese food?
Japan has changed significantly in the past 50 years.
Japan launched a new invasion of China in July, 1937.
Many foreigners also come to Japan to learn Japanese.
She could only take Japanese lessons for a few hours.
Some students are not interested in Japanese history.
The Nozomi is the fastest of all the trains in Japan.
The population of China is larger than that of Japan.
They don't eat as much rice in Japan as they used to.
What is the first novel that was written in Japanese?
Yukichi Fukuzawa introduced Western ideas into Japan.
China's desert supports more people than are in Japan.
Gary will have been in Japan for six years next month.
How many different pieces are there in Japanese chess?
In Japan there aren't any lakes bigger than Lake Biwa.
In this book, the writer contrasts Japan with America.
It's been forty years since I began to study Japanese.
Japanese Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto launched the battle.
Many Americans were angry about the Japanese invasion.
The majority of Japanese temples are made out of wood.
The population of Japan is larger than that of Canada.
Wendy was not always interested in Japanese festivals.
Yoko translated some poems from Japanese into English.
A number of Japanese people travel abroad every summer.
Generally speaking, Japanese cars are popular overseas.
Having studied Japanese, Jenny had no trouble in Japan.
How is it that you know so much about Japanese history?
I need some Japanese listening comprehension materials.
I speak Japanese a little, but I'm not good at it, yet.
In 1853, Perry asked Japan to open the door to America.
In Japan people come of age when they are 20 years old.
Japan plays an important role in promoting world peace.
Madonna is known to every high school student in Japan.
More and more Japanese are traveling abroad these days.
 People often say that Japanese is a difficult language.
She came to Japan for the purpose of studying Japanese.
She was born in the United States and grew up in Japan.
The climate of New Zealand is similar to that of Japan.
The Japan Sea separates Japan from the Asian Continent.
The Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941.
The Japanese military forces seemed too strong to stop.
The population of Japan is larger than that of Britain.
This hamburger is inexpensive for a Japanese hamburger.
What is difficult about Japanese is the writing system.
A reception was given for the Japanese foreign minister.
For the first time, the Japanese Navy had been defeated.
He has just been appointed the U.S. Ambassador to Japan.
I felt the same way when I first saw Japan from a plane.
It is said that Kazu is the best soccer player in Japan.
Japan has caught up with Europe and America in medicine.
Japanese industry has made great advances since the war.
The Ariake Sea is one of the biggest tidelands in Japan.
The Japanese take off their shoes when entering a house.
While she was staying in Japan, she often visited Kyoto.
Within days, Japan captured the American island of Guam.
Compared with America or China, Japan is a small country.
Even Japanese can make mistakes when they speak Japanese.
Every year, Hawaii moves ten centimeters closer to Japan.
Everyone is hoping nothing bad will ever happen in Japan.
Generally speaking, a waiter in Japan gives good service.
He has a good knowledge of the internal affairs of Japan.
He has many foreign stamps, not to mention Japanese ones.
Her book is famous not only in England but also in Japan.
His book is famous not only in England but also in Japan.
I had been staying in Boston before I came back to Japan.
I'll take over your duties while you are away from Japan.
In Japan, practically every family has a washing machine.
Is it true that Japanese think four is an unlucky number?
January 1st is a day when many Japanese go to the shrine.
Japan is trying to cope with the aging of its population.
Japan is very different from what it was fifty years ago.
Japanese like to soak in hot water before going to sleep.
She is well known both in Japan and in the United States.
Since then, a great deal of change has occurred in Japan.
The basic Japanese diet consists mainly of rice and fish.
We often hear it said that the Japanese are good workers.
We would like to report about the latest trends in Japan.
When she was young, she preferred coffee to Japanese tea.
Why do you want the world to know about Japanese gardens?
He reached for an English-Japanese dictionary on the desk.
He was just appointed as the American ambassador to Japan.
His company is one of the best managed companies in Japan.
In Japan, radioactive cesium was detected in baby formula.
In the near future, we may have a big earthquake in Japan.
 Is it true that Japanese think the number four is unlucky?
Japan declared war on the United States in December, 1941.
Japan is one of the greatest economic powers in the world.
Japan maintains friendly relations with the United States.
Japan's attack had brought the United States into the war.
Japan's exports exceeded imports by $77.8 billion in 1998.
Japanese and American forces were still fighting bitterly.
Poor Japanese immigrants were willing to work for low pay.
Rice farming has been developed to a high degree in Japan.
Some Japanese are shy even to the point of appearing rude.
The American and Japanese ambassadors met at a conference.
The branch offices of the bank are located all over Japan.
The Japanese take off their shoes before entering a house.
The Japanese take off their shoes when they enter a house.
The Japanese team won the gold medal for this competition.
Tom saw vending machines everywhere when he visited Japan.
We were allowed to speak either in English or in Japanese.
Being knowledgeable about Japanese culture is a good thing.
If you help me learn English, I'll help you learn Japanese.
It's said that Japan's rural landscape has changed greatly.
It's very difficult even for a Japanese to put on a kimono.
Japan has been sending athletes to the Olympics since 1912.
Japan is the only nation to have been hit by nuclear bombs.
Japanese high school students go to school 35 weeks a year.
Many nations had signed the treaty in 1997 in Kyoto, Japan.
New models of Japanese cars usually come out in the spring.
Relations between China and Japan have been tense recently.
The cherry blossom is to Japan what the rose is to England.
The longer he stays in Japan, the better his Japanese gets.
The majority of large Japanese companies depend on exports.
The population of Japan is larger than that of New Zealand.
The war affected the way the Japanese view nuclear weapons.
There is usually good weather in November throughout Japan.
Tokyo has a larger population than any other city in Japan.
You must remove your shoes when you enter a Japanese house.
As far as I know, the novel is not translated into Japanese.
Even though she grew up in Japan, she speaks fluent English.
Generally speaking, New Zealanders are taller than Japanese.
He gave a series of lectures on Japanese literature at UCLA.
I guess it will be a long time before I can return to Japan.
If there's a cheap kanji dictionary in Japan, I will buy it.
In Japan, military leaders gained control of the government.
It is difficult for foreigners to get used to Japanese food.
Japan depends on the Middle East for 70% of oil it consumes.
On New Year's Day many Japanese go to the shrine to worship.
She first came into contact with Japanese culture last year.
They established a Japanese language class for the refugees.
We often hear it said that Japanese people are conservative.
Western clothes are easier to work in than Japanese clothes.
After the war, the idea of democracy spread throughout Japan.
 American bombers attacked Japan's largest cities with napalm.
As a rule, Japanese people are not good at foreign languages.
He compiled a Japanese folklore anthology for use in schools.
In 1978 a peace treaty was concluded between Japan and China.
It is difficult for foreigners to get used to Japanese meals.
Japanese houses are built of wood and they catch fire easily.
Mt. Fuji, the highest mountain in Japan, is 3776 meters high.
The foreigner spoke Japanese as if it were her mother tongue.
This custom has become firmly established among the Japanese.
You can hear English on Channel 1, and Japanese on Channel 7.
A Japanese businessman bought the artwork for 200 million yen.
I came to Japan four years ago intending to stay for one year.
I hope that Japan will abide by Article 9 of her Constitution.
I've heard that there are many Japanese restaurants in Boston.
It is difficult for Japanese people to speak English fluently.
Japan is now very different from what is was twenty years ago.
Japan is now very different from what it was twenty years ago.
Japanese children watch television more than English children.
Many foreign customs were introduced into Japan after the war.
Since Jenny had studied Japanese, she had no trouble in Japan.
Some Japanese wives are content to leave their husbands alone.
The population of Japan is much larger than that of Australia.
There is no end in sight to the U.S. trade deficit with Japan.
We will keep you informed of things that happen here in Japan.
I had been studying music in Boston before I returned to Japan.
I lived in Japan for 2 years, but now I'm living in California.
If for some reason she came to Japan, Jane would be very happy.
Japan entered into an alliance with France just before the war.
Showing your real feelings is not considered a virtue in Japan.
The automobile industry is one of the main industries in Japan.
The Japanese economy is going through a period of great stress.
The population of Australia is much smaller than that of Japan.
Allied military leaders found a way to defeat the Japanese plan.
Frictions between Japan and the U.S. are easing up for a change.
In the past, Fletcher Fuel was approached by Japanese companies.
Japan came under American pressure to open its financial market.
Japan's exports to the entire world topped $314 billion in 1998.
Japanese children are group members even when they are sleeping.
Japanese should not forget that America is a multiracial nation.
Jim stayed with us while he was in Japan as an exchange student.
Many rivers in Japan are polluted by waste water from factories.
Roosevelt worked hard to improve America's relations with Japan.
Some young Japanese people prefer being single to being married.
That foreigner spoke Japanese as if it were his native language.
The growth rate of the Japanese economy will top 0.7% this year.
The Japanese economy continued to grow by more than 5% annually.
The Japanese embassy has warned Japanese citizens to be careful.
The sales in Japan are small in comparison with those in Europe.
Traditional Japanese sweets really do go well with Japanese tea.
We created a freely available English-Japanese bilingual corpus.
 "Why are you going to Japan?" "To attend a conference in Tokyo."
British and Japanese cars have steering wheels on the right side.
I'd like to make a call to Tokyo, Japan. The number is 3202-5625.
If you help me with my English, I'll help you with your Japanese.
It is difficult to catch up with Japan in the production of cars.
Yokohama is the city in Japan with the second largest population.
He is a physicist famous not only in Japan but all over the world.
In the summer of that year, more Japanese troops moved into China.
It is not until you go abroad that you realize how small Japan is.
It is said that Japan is the greatest economic power in the world.
Japan's army took control of the government in Tokyo in late 1931.
Politicians in Japan sometimes get away with doing illegal things.
Prices have risen in Japan and Tokyo is very expensive to live in.
The youth in Malaysia really like Korean and Japanese celebrities.
Trading partners are leaning on Japan to clarify its trade policy.
We currently have 200 well organized sales offices all over Japan.
A 5% consumption tax is levied on most goods and services in Japan.
As far as I know, the book has never been translated into Japanese.
In Japan, you never have to go too far to find a convenience store.
Japan consists of four main islands and many other smaller islands.
Japanese companies generally provide their employees with uniforms.
Many foreigners come to Japan for the purpose of studying Japanese.
The main islands of Japan are Hokkaido, Shikoku, Honshu and Kyushu.
U.S. companies are working to find a niche in the Japanese economy.
Western countries are jumping on Japan for its stance on the issue.
Every foreigner who visits Japan says that prices here are too high.
He is without doubt one of the most successful businessmen in Japan.
He likes mountaineering and knows the mountains of Japan quite well.
He's a famous physicist not only in Japan, but throughout the world.
I didn't realize till I visited Australia how small Japan really is.
I think that Japanese students are very good at gathering knowledge.
Japan's changing economic policy is tied up with the labor shortage.
Mike and his sister can speak French, but they can't speak Japanese.
President Roosevelt decided not to strike back at Japan immediately.
Since the war, Japan has advanced greatly in science and technology.
The books which are on that list will be difficult to find in Japan.
There is no point in trying to introduce Japanese literature to him.
They employ foreigners because Japanese workers are in short supply.
In America, rice can be bought for a fifth of what it costs in Japan.
Japan guaranteed a 2 billion yen aid package to developing countries.
Mary made a reservation at a Japanese restaurant for Valentine's day.
Masako finished high school in Japan and then graduated from Harvard.
Ms. Yamada translated the fascinating fairy tale into plain Japanese.
She has a good command of English though she was brought up in Japan.
The population of Spain is about one-third as large as that of Japan.
The president was quoted as saying he would like to visit Japan soon.
A lot of buildings collapsed in Japan due to the earthquake yesterday.
Japan has undergone a drastic change as a result of industrialization.
Oil has played an important part in the progress of Japanese industry.
The last time I read classical Japanese literature was in high school.
 In Japan, relations between neighbors are apt to be cooler than in USA.
Mrs. Bruce was the first female pilot to fly between England and Japan.
The Japanese tend to identify themselves with the group they belong to.
The number of Japanese going overseas has been increasing year by year.
The political systems of Britain and Japan have a great deal in common.
The population of China is about eight times as large as that of Japan.
You are supposed to take off your shoes when entering a house in Japan.
I have three brothers. One lives in Japan and the other two live abroad.
Present-day Japan is going down the route to self destruction, isn't it?
Roosevelt worked hard to improve the United States relations with Japan.
Roughly speaking, the seasons in England correspond with those in Japan.
The Middle East supplies a major portion of the oil that Japan consumes.
I think the Thai food at this place is seasoned so Japanese will like it.
It was not until I visited Australia that I realized how small Japan was.
Japanese people are fortunate to live in a land with natural hot springs.
Which one of Japan's historical characters do you identify yourself with?
If Jane's mother were in Japan, I could invite her to the Doll's Festival.
Japan is unique among the Asian countries in having modernized completely.
Japan's population is larger than that of Britain and France put together.
Manga are to the Japanese film industry what bestsellers are to Hollywood.
These straw mats, called "tatami" in Japanese, are no longer made by hand.
He likes mountaineering and is well acquainted with the mountains of Japan.
The research done by them shows that Americans are not interested in Japan.
Tom came to Japan three years ago and has been living here ever since then.
Unless Japan eliminates its unfair tariffs, the U.S. will impose sanctions.
This novel describes the life of the Japanese as it was a hundred years ago.
Brent is an American, but he speaks Japanese as if it were his mother tongue.
Mountain bike racing has caught on with young Japanese in the past few years.
My father believed that anyone who could not make a living in Japan was lazy.
The dispute over the islands has led to some anti-Japanese protests in China.
Unless Japan eliminates those unfair tariffs, the U.S. will impose sanctions.
In the automotive industry of the 1970's, Japan beat the U.S. at its own game.
It is high time Japan played an important role in the international community.
Recently, the number of foreigners working or studying in Japan has increased.
Terms were signed between Japan, Germany, Great Britain and the United States.
The dollar was devalued against the Japanese currency from 360 yen to 308 yen.
With this price, your product would not be competitive in the Japanese market.
It is said that Japanese people don't celebrate Christmas the way Americans do.
The influence of the strong yen on the Japanese economy has become very serious.
Typical Japanese babies sleep with their mother after coming home from hospital.
We plan to have a welcoming party for Mr. Clark who came to Japan the other day.
Diplomatic relations have not yet been established between Japan and North Korea.
Japan is today considered to be one of the greatest economic powers of the world.
The average American living space is twice as large as the living space in Japan.
CEO's of American corporations are paid several times their Japanese counterparts.
Japan's foreign aid is decreasing in part because of an economic slowdown at home.
The government's economic policy is credited for Japan's postwar economic success.
A few years ago it would have been inconceivable for Japan to send troops overseas.
Industrialization had a great influence on the development of the economy in Japan.
Sixty percent of Japanese adult males drink alcoholic beverages on a regular basis.
 The climate of England isn't as mild as Japan, but in the summer, it's much cooler.
The Japanese hesitate to regard themselves as being as rich as they are said to be.
What do you think has caused the present trade friction between Japan and the U.S.?
What is peculiar to Japan at mealtimes is that people eat rice out of little bowls.
When parents get old in Japan, they are customarily looked after by their children.
By this time next year, you will have visited almost all the famous places in Japan.
It took a long time for Japanese imports to penetrate the American consumer markets.
On September 26, 1959, the strongest typhoon in Japan's recorded history hit Nagoya.
Visitors are usually asked to remove their shoes before they enter a Japanese house.
What will you do with the furniture you bought in Japan when you go back to Germany?
An Indian buyer and a Japanese businessman haggled over the price of the new product.
Being together all the time, my Japanese classmates got to know each other very well.
Generally speaking, we Japanese are a little too timid in speaking foreign languages.
I am wondering if you would like to go and see Kabuki with me while staying in Japan.
Many native speakers of Japanese have trouble hearing the difference between B and V.
Our company has a well organized system of 200 sales offices, located all over Japan.
There is no other country in the world where earthquakes are as frequent as in Japan.
Whenever I go to a Japanese restaurant, I take the disposable chopsticks home with me.
According to a recent study, the average life span of the Japanese is still increasing.
In Japan, we still sometimes see someone use an abacus, but not as often as we used to.
The fact that nowadays fewer men smoke is a headache for the Japanese tobacco industry.
Japanese women marry at 26 on average. It is no mystery that the birthrate is declining.
The Japanese pay more attention to the group or the organization than to the individual.
The point of true mutual understanding has not yet been reached between Japan and China.
The 'gold' yearned for by the Japanese synchronized swimming world was not quite reached.
According to this magazine, the economic situation in Japan is getting worse year by year.
Japanese cultured pearls have come to monopolise as much as 60% of the world pearl market.
In Japan, employment opportunities are significantly lower for women than they are for men.
Old homes, especially traditional Japanese ones, can be damp and unfriendly to modern life.
They think it is necessary to study the school system and educational environment of Japan.
In Japan, it rains quite a bit during our rainy season which is from mid-June until mid-July.
The Japanese public bathhouse was once used as a center of social life in one's neighborhood.
It is often said that Japanese universities are difficult to enter, but easy to graduate from.
The Japanese distribution system, characterized by layers of wholesale, is complex and costly.
The bursting of Japan's so-called bubble economy sent shockwaves through international markets.
A majority of Japanese workers plan to take more than three consecutive days of summer vacation.
Mary's been living in Japan so long. Don't you think it's time she adjusted to Japanese customs?
It is said that Japanese people are kind to people they know, but rather cold to those they don't.
In order to get some information about Japanese economic problems, you'll find this book very useful.
Management practices at Japanese corporations are often very different from those at foreign companies.
During the past several years, many Japanese have been either killed or injured while traveling overseas.
The Japanese Parliament today officially elected Ryoutarou Hashimoto as the country's 52nd prime minister.
The Japanese are often criticized for being inward looking and insufficiently international in their outlook.
The Japanese fiscal authorities are weighing measures to restore public confidence in their economic management.
Did you know that in Japan, if you have a tattoo, you won't be allowed to bathe in many of the hot spring resorts?
I have Japanese and Chinese friends who speak to each other in English since that is the only language they have in common.
Japan's gold and foreign exchange reserves stood at $68.9 billion at the end of 1998, down from $77.0 billion a year earlier.
If a man wants to learn to sound like a native speaker of Japanese, he shouldn't only learn Japanese from women. The reverse is true for a woman.
Five tremors in excess of magnitude 5.0 on the Richter scale have shaken Japan just this week, but scientists are warning that the largest expected aftershock has yet to hit.